20705 2 0
24674 1 400
org.activiti.engine.test.api.history.ProcessInstanceLogQueryTest testIncludeVariables
org.activiti.engine.test.api.repository.ModelQueryTest testQueryByInvalidNameLike
org.activiti.engine.test.api.identity.ProcessInstanceIdentityLinkTest testSetAuthenticatedUserAndCompleteLastTask
org.activiti.engine.test.api.runtime.InstanceInvolvementTest testInstanceRemoval
org.activiti.engine.test.api.tenant.TenancyTest testCallActivityWithTenant
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.timer.compatibility.StartTimerEventRepeatCompatibilityTest testCycleDateStartTimerEvent
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.NotExecutableConverterTest convertModelToXML
org.activiti.standalone.parsing.CustomListenerFactoryTest testCustomListenerFactory
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.IdentityLinkEventsTest testProcessInstanceIdentityDeleteCandidateGroupEvents
org.activiti.engine.test.api.task.SubTaskQueryTest testQueryByAssigneeExcludeSubtasksPaginated
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.ProcessInstanceEventsTest testProcessCompleted_NoEnd
org.activiti.engine.test.api.tenant.TenancyTest testTaskTenancy
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.subprocess.CallActivityTest testInstantiateSubprocess
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.error.mapError.BoundaryErrorMapTest testCallProcessSingleDirectMap
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.JobEventsTest testJobCanceledEventOnBoundaryEvent
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.IdentityLinkEventsTest testProcessDefinitionIdentityLinkEvents
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.SignalThrowingEventListenerTest testGlobalSignalDefinedInProcessDefinition
org.activiti.standalone.cfg.CustomMybatisXMLMapperTest testAttachmentQuery
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.CustomNamespaceAttributeConverterTest convertXMLToModel
org.activiti.engine.test.api.repository.ModelQueryTest testOrderBy
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.ActivityEventsTest testActivityErrorEvents
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.EncodingConverterTest connvertXMLToModel
org.activiti.standalone.testing.ActivitiRuleJunit4Test testWaitForJobs
org.activiti.engine.test.api.repository.ProcessDefinitionCategoryTest testQueryByCategoryNotEquals
org.activiti.standalone.event.EventListenersConfigurationTest testEventListenerConfiguration
org.activiti.engine.test.api.runtime.InstanceInvolvementTest testInvolvements
org.activiti.engine.test.api.repository.ModelQueryTest testByLatestVersion
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.ErrorThrowingEventListenerTest testThrowErrorWithErrorcodeDefinedInProcessDefinition
org.activiti.engine.test.api.repository.DeployNonExecutableProcessDefinitionTest testDeployNonExecutableProcessDefinition
org.activiti.engine.test.api.variables.VariablesTest testGetVariable
org.activiti.standalone.parsing.CustomDefaultBpmnParseHandlerTest testCustomDefaultUserTaskParsing
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.MessageEventDefinitionWithExtensionElementsTest testParseMessagedDefinitionWithExtension
org.activiti.standalone.el.ExpressionBeanAccessTest testConfigurationBeanAccess
org.activiti.engine.test.db.DuplicateVariableInsertTest testDuplicateVariableInsertOnTask
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.ChineseConverterTest convertModelToXML
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.CustomExtensionsConverterTest convertXMLToModel
org.activiti.engine.test.api.history.ProcessInstanceLogQueryTest testEverything
org.activiti.standalone.calendar.AdvancedCycleBusinessCalendarTest testDaylightSavingSpringCron
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.usertask.DynamicUserTaskTest testChangeCandidateUsers
org.activiti.engine.test.api.variables.VariablesTest testGetVariablesWithCollectionThroughRuntimeService
org.activiti.engine.test.regression.DeleteProcessInstanceTest testNoEndTimeSet
org.activiti.engine.test.api.task.TaskInfoQueryTest testTaskInfoQuery
org.activiti.engine.test.api.task.TaskAndVariablesQueryTest testQuery
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.ProcessDefinitionEventsTest testProcessDefinitionEvents
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.ActivityEventsTest testActivityErrorEventsFromBPMNError
org.activiti.engine.test.api.runtime.ProcessInstanceIdentityLinksTest testCandidateGroupLink
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.ErrorThrowingEventListenerTest testThrowErrorWithErrorcode
org.activiti.standalone.event.TypedEventListenersConfigurationTest testEventListenerConfiguration
org.activiti.standalone.testing.MockSupportWithActivitiTestCaseTest testMockedServiceTasksAnnotation
org.activiti.standalone.validation.DefaultProcessValidatorTest verifyValidation
org.activiti.standalone.calendar.AdvancedCycleBusinessCalendarTest testDaylightSavingFallCron
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.ServiceTaskConverterTest convertModelToXML
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.UncaughtErrorEventTest testUncaughtError
org.activiti.standalone.deploy.DeploymentCacheLimitTest testDeploymentCacheLimit
org.activiti.engine.test.api.task.SubTaskQueryTest testQueryByAssigneeExcludeSubtasks
org.activiti.examples.bpmn.executionlistener.CustomFlowExecutionListenerTest testScriptExecutionListener
org.activiti.engine.test.api.history.ProcessInstanceLogQueryTest testIncludeVariableUpdates
org.activiti.engine.test.api.repository.ModelQueryTest testVerifyModelProperties
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.AttachmentEventsTest testAttachmentEntityEventsStandaloneTask
org.activiti.engine.test.api.runtime.InstanceInvolvementTest testUserMultipleTimesinvolvedWithProcessInstance
org.activiti.engine.test.api.task.SubTaskQueryTest testQueryByAssigneeExcludeSubtasksOrdered
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.subprocess.CallActivityTest testInstantiateSuspendedChildProcess
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.ProcessInstanceEventsTest testSignalProcessInstanceStart
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.error.mapError.BoundaryErrorMapTest testClassDelegateSingleDirectMap
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.ActivityEventsTest testActivityMessageBoundaryEventsOnUserTask
org.activiti.engine.test.api.tenant.TenancyTest testSignalThroughApiTenancyReversed
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.AsyncEndEventConverterTest connvertXMLToModel
org.activiti.examples.bpmn.executionlistener.ScriptExecutionListenerTest testScriptExecutionListener
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.ModelEventsTest testModelEvents
org.activiti.engine.test.api.repository.ModelQueryTest testQueryByInvalidKey
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.UserEventsTest testUserEntityEvents
org.activiti.standalone.jpa.JPAEnhancedVariableTest testEnhancedEntityListVariables
org.activiti.engine.test.api.task.SubTaskQueryTest testQueryWithPagination
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.usertask.DynamicUserTaskTest testChangeCandidateUsersAndGroups
org.activiti.engine.test.jobexecutor.JobExecutorTest testBasicJobExecutorOperation
org.activiti.standalone.calendar.DurationHelperTest daylightSavingFallFirstHour
org.activiti.engine.test.regression.ProcessValidationExecutedAfterDeployTest testGetLatestProcessDefinitionTextByKey
org.activiti.standalone.calendar.AdvancedCycleBusinessCalendarTest testCronString
org.activiti.engine.test.api.repository.ModelQueryTest testQueryByNameLike
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.CallActivityConverterTest convertModelToXML
org.activiti.engine.test.api.history.HistoricTaskAndVariablesQueryTest testCandidate
org.activiti.engine.test.api.tenant.TenancyTest testChangeDeploymentTenantId
org.activiti.standalone.testing.MockSupportWithActivitiRuleTest testNoOpServiceTasksAnnotation
org.activiti.standalone.event.ProcessDefinitionScopedEventListenerDefinitionTest testProcessDefinitionListenerDefinitionEntities
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.ProcessInstanceEventsTest testProcessInstanceTerminatedEvents_complete
org.activiti.engine.test.api.tenant.TenancyTest testStartProcessInstanceByMessageTenancyReversed
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.subprocess.CallActivityTest testInstantiateSuspendedProcessByMessage
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.CommaSplitterTest testCommaAtEnd
org.activiti.standalone.cfg.CustomMybatisXMLMapperTest testSelectTaskList
org.activiti.engine.test.api.tenant.TenancyTest testStartProcessInstanceByMessageTenancy
org.activiti.engine.test.api.task.TaskDueDateTest testDueDateSortingWithNulls
org.activiti.engine.test.jobexecutor.JobExecutorFailRetryTest testFailedServiceTask
org.activiti.engine.test.logging.mdc.MDCLoggingTest testLogger
org.activiti.standalone.testing.MockSupportWithActivitiRuleTest testClassDelegateMockSupport
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.SignalThrowingEventListenerTest testThrowSignalInNewTransaction
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.CommaSplitterTest testCommaAtStartAndEnd
org.activiti.standalone.cfg.CustomMybatisXMLMapperTest testSelectOneTask
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.JobEventsTest testTimerFiredForIntermediateTimer
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.DatabaseEventLoggerTest testDatabaseEvents
org.activiti.engine.test.api.repository.ModelQueryTest testQueryNoCriteria
org.activiti.engine.test.api.variables.VariablesTest testTaskGetVariables
org.activiti.standalone.testing.MockSupportWithActivitiTestCaseTest testClassDelegateStringMockSupport
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.TaskEventsTest testTaskEventsInProcess
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.ExecutionEventsTest testExecutionEvents
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.ActivityEventsTest testActivityMessageEvents
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.usertask.TaskAssignmentCandidateTest testCandidateGroups
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.SimpleConverterTest connvertXMLToModel
org.activiti.engine.test.jobexecutor.AsyncExecutorTest testAsyncExecutorDisabledOnOneEngine
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.CommaSplitterTest testManyCommas
org.activiti.standalone.event.ProcessDefinitionScopedEventListenerDefinitionTest testProcessDefinitionListenerDefinition
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.PoolsConverterTest convertModelToXML
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.ValuedDataObjectWithExtensionsConverterTest convertXMLToModel
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.FormPropertiesConverterTest connvertJsonToModel
org.activiti.standalone.cfg.CustomMybatisXMLMapperTest testSelectTaskByCustomQuery
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.ActivityEventsTest testActivityCompensationEvents
org.activiti.standalone.jpa.JPAEnhancedVariableTest testEnhancedEntityVariables
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.CommentEventsTest testCommentEntityEvents
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.IdentityLinkEventsTest testTaskIdentityLinks
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.timer.compatibility.BoundaryTimerEventRepeatCompatibilityTest testRepeatWithoutEnd
org.activiti.engine.test.api.repository.ModelQueryTest testQueryByCategoryNotEquals
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.ActivityEventsTest testActivityMessageBoundaryEventsOnSubProcess
org.activiti.standalone.validation.DefaultProcessValidatorTest testAllNonExecutableProcesses
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.IdentityLinkEventsTest testProcessInstanceIdentityLinkEvents
org.activiti.engine.test.api.tenant.TenancyTest testStartProcessInstanceBySignalTenancy
org.activiti.engine.test.api.tenant.TenancyTest testJobTenancy
org.activiti.standalone.calendar.AdvancedCycleBusinessCalendarTest testDaylightSavingSpringIso
org.activiti.engine.test.api.runtime.ProcessInstanceAndVariablesQueryTest testQuery
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.SignalThrowingEventListenerTest testGlobalSignal
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.ChineseConverterTest connvertXMLToModel
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.java.EventJavaTest testStartEventWithExecutionListener
org.activiti.engine.test.api.variables.VariablesTest testGetVariableInDelegateMixed3
org.activiti.standalone.calendar.AdvancedCycleBusinessCalendarTest testDaylightSavingFallIso
org.activiti.standalone.calendar.DurationHelperTest daylightSaving25HourDay
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.timer.IntermediateTimerEventRepeatWithEndTest testRepeatWithEnd
org.activiti.engine.test.api.repository.ModelQueryTest testQueryByCategory
org.activiti.engine.test.api.task.SubTaskQueryTest testQueryExcludeSubtasks
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.ProcessDefinitionEventsTest testTimerStartEventDeployment
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.TextAnnotationConverterTest connvertXMLToModel
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.ServiceTaskConverterTest connvertXMLToModel
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.timer.StartTimerEventTest testDurationStartTimerEvent
org.activiti.standalone.testing.MockSupportWithActivitiRuleTest testMockedServiceTasksAnnotation
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.DeploymentEventsTest testDeploymentEvents
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.servicetask.DynamicServiceTaskTest testChangeDelegateExpression
org.activiti.engine.test.api.repository.LaneExtensionTest testLaneExtensionElement
org.activiti.engine.test.regression.RegressionTest testAct1623
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.ErrorThrowingEventListenerTest testThrowErrorDefinedInProcessDefinition
org.activiti.standalone.calendar.AdvancedCycleBusinessCalendarTest testIsoString
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.PoolsConverterTest connvertXMLToModel
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.ActivityEventsTest testActivityTimeOutEventInCallActivity
org.activiti.engine.test.api.repository.ModelQueryTest testNativeQuery
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.TaskEventsTest testStandaloneTaskEvents
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.async.AsyncExclusiveJobsTest testExclusiveJobs
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.AttachmentEventsTest testAttachmentEntityEventsOnHistoricTaskDelete
org.activiti.engine.test.jobexecutor.AsyncExecutorTest testRegularAsyncExecution
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.usertask.DynamicUserTaskTest testChangeNameAndDescription
org.activiti.standalone.validation.DefaultProcessValidatorTest testNonExecutableProcessDefinitionWarning
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.MapExceptionConverterTest connvertXMLToModel
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.subprocess.CallActivityTest testInstantiateChildProcess
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.InCompleteSignalConverterTest convertXMLToModel
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.ProcessInstanceEventsTest testProcessInstanceTerminatedEvents
org.activiti.engine.test.api.task.TaskBatchDeleteTest testDeleteTaskWithChildren
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.SubProcessConverterTest convertModelToXML
org.activiti.engine.test.api.variables.VariablesTest testGetVariables
org.activiti.engine.test.api.repository.DeployInvalidXmlTest testDeployNonSchemaConformantXml
org.activiti.standalone.testing.MockSupportWithActivitiTestCaseTest testNoOpServiceTasksAnnotation
org.activiti.engine.test.api.history.ProcessInstanceLogQueryTest testIncludeActivities
org.activiti.engine.test.api.repository.ModelQueryTest testQueryByKey
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.VariableEventsTest testProcessInstanceVariableEventsOnChildExecution
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.SignalThrowingEventListenerTest testThrowSignalDefinedInProcessDefinition
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.SimpleConverterTest convertModelToXML
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.ProcessInstanceEventsTest testProcessCompleted_ParallelGatewayTwoEnds
org.activiti.engine.test.api.task.TaskAndVariablesQueryTest testQueryWithPagingAndVariables
org.activiti.engine.test.api.variables.VariablesTest testGetVariablesLocal
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.ActivityEventsTest testActivitySignalBoundaryEventsOnSubProcess
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.servicetask.DynamicServiceTaskTest testChangeClassName
org.activiti.engine.test.api.runtime.ProcessInstanceIdentityLinksTest testParticipantUserLink
org.activiti.engine.test.api.tenant.TenancyTest testSignalAsyncThroughApiTenancy
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.CommaSplitterTest testOneComaInExpression
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.JobEventsTest testJobEntityEvents
org.activiti.standalone.parsing.BPMNParseHandlerTest testAlterProcessDefinitionKeyWhenDeploying
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.ValuedDataObjectWithExtensionsConverterTest convertModelToXML
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.CommaSplitterTest testOneComa
org.activiti.standalone.calendar.DurationHelperTest daylightSavingFall
org.activiti.engine.test.cmd.FailedJobRetryCmdTest testFailedServiceTask
org.activiti.standalone.cfg.CustomMybatisMapperTest testSelectTaskColumns
org.activiti.engine.test.cfg.multitenant.MultiTenantProcessEngineTest testStartProcessInstances
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.servicetask.CallServiceInServiceTaskTest testStartProcessFromDelegate
org.activiti.engine.test.api.variables.VariablesTest testGetVariableInDelegateMixed2
org.activiti.standalone.event.EngineEventsTest testEngineEventsTest
org.activiti.engine.test.api.tenant.TenancyTest testModelTenancy
org.activiti.engine.test.api.repository.ModelQueryTest testQueryByNameAndKey
org.activiti.standalone.validation.DefaultProcessValidatorTest testWarningError
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.VariableEventsTest testProcessInstanceVariableEventsOnStart
org.activiti.engine.test.api.repository.ModelQueryTest testQueryByVersion
org.activiti.engine.test.api.tenant.TenancyTest testGetLatestProcessDefinitionVersionForSameProcessDefinitionKey
org.activiti.engine.test.api.history.HistoricProcessInstanceQueryTest testLocalization
org.activiti.engine.test.api.variables.VariablesTest testGetVariableAllVariableFetchingDefault
org.activiti.standalone.calendar.DurationHelperTest daylightSavingFallObservedSecondHour
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.EmptyModelTest convertModelToXML
org.activiti.standalone.testing.MockSupportWithActivitiTestCaseTest testMockedServiceTaskByIdAnnotation
org.activiti.standalone.event.ProcessDefinitionScopedEventListenerDefinitionTest testProcessDefinitionListenerDefinitionIllegalType
org.activiti.engine.test.api.repository.ModelQueryTest testQueryByInvalidCategoryLike
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.ActivityEventsTest testActivitySignalEvents
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.error.mapError.BoundaryErrorMapTest testClassDelegateSingleInheritedMap
org.activiti.engine.test.api.repository.ModelQueryTest testNotDeployed
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.MessageFlowConverterTest connvertXMLToModel
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.UserTaskConverterTest convertModelToXML
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.JobEventsTest testTimerFiredForTimerStart
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.DatabaseEventLoggerTest testStandaloneTaskEvents
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.ProcessDefinitionScopedEventListenerTest testProcessDefinitionScopedListener
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.EventBasedGatewayConverterTest connvertXMLToModel
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.GroupEventsTest testGroupMembershipEvents
org.activiti.standalone.parsing.ChineseConverterTest testConvertXMLToModel
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.ProcessInstanceEventsTest testProcessInstanceTerminatedEvents_callActivity
org.activiti.engine.test.api.repository.DeployInvalidXmlTest testDeployWithMissingWaypointsForSequenceflowInDiagramInterchange
org.activiti.engine.test.api.repository.ModelQueryTest testQueryByInvalidName
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.SubProcessConverterAutoLayoutTest convertXMLToModel
org.activiti.engine.test.api.history.ProcessInstanceLogQueryTest testIncludeTasks
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.OtherToolImportConverterTest connvertXMLToModel
org.activiti.examples.bpmn.usertask.SkipExpressionUserTaskTest testSkipMultipleTasks
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.NotExecutableConverterTest connvertXMLToModel
org.activiti.engine.test.api.identity.UserEntityTest testSetPicture_pictureShouldBeDeletedWhenNull
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.DataStoreConverterTest connvertXMLToModel
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.usertask.DisabledDefinitionInfoCacheTest testChangeClassName
org.activiti.engine.test.api.identity.ProcessInstanceIdentityLinkTest testSetAuthenticatedUserWithNoWaitStates
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.usertask.ImportExportTest testConvertXMLToModel
org.activiti.engine.test.api.tenant.TenancyTest testDeploymentTenancy
org.activiti.standalone.event.ProcessDefinitionScopedEventListenerDefinitionTest testProcessDefinitionListenerDefinitionError
org.activiti.standalone.calendar.DurationHelperTest daylightSavingFallObservedFirstHour
org.activiti.engine.test.regression.ProcessValidationExecutedAfterDeployTest testGetStartFormData
org.activiti.engine.test.api.history.ProcessInstanceLogQueryAndByteArrayTypeVariableTest testIncludeVariables
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.EmptyModelTest connvertXMLToModel
org.activiti.engine.test.api.repository.ModelQueryTest testModelProperties
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.HistoricActivityEventsTest testHistoricActivityEventDispatched
org.activiti.engine.test.api.history.ProcessInstanceLogQueryTest testBaseProperties
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.MessageThrowingEventListenerTest testThrowMessage
org.activiti.engine.test.api.variables.VariablesTest testGetVariablesLocal2
org.activiti.engine.test.jobexecutor.AsyncExecutorTest testAsyncScriptExecution
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.servicetask.DynamicServiceTaskTest testChangeExpression
org.activiti.standalone.deploy.CustomDeploymentCacheTest testCustomDeploymentCacheUsed
org.activiti.standalone.cfg.CustomMybatisXMLMapperTest testCustomQueryOrderBy
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.JobEventsTest testJobCanceledEventOnProcessRedeploy
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.ValuedDataObjectConverterTest convertXMLToModel
org.activiti.standalone.testing.MockSupportWithActivitiRuleTest testClassDelegateStringMockSupport
org.activiti.engine.test.api.repository.DeployInvalidXmlTest testExternalEntityResolvingTest
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.ActivityEventsTest testActivityTimeOutEvent
org.activiti.engine.test.api.repository.ModelQueryTest testQueryByInvalidCategory
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.subprocess.CallActivityTest testInstantiateProcessByMessage
org.activiti.engine.test.api.runtime.ProcessInstanceIdentityLinksTest testCustomTypeUserLink
org.activiti.engine.test.api.repository.ModelQueryTest testQueryByName
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.usertask.DisabledDefinitionInfoCacheTest testChangeFormKey
org.activiti.engine.test.api.runtime.ProcessInstanceUpdateBusinessKeyTest testUpdateExistingBusinessKey
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.JobEventsTest testRepetitionJobEntityEvents
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.usertask.DynamicUserTaskTest testChangePriorityAndCategory
org.activiti.examples.bpmn.usertask.SkipExpressionUserTaskTest test
org.activiti.engine.test.api.variables.VariablesTest testGetVariableInDelegateMixed
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.ActivityEventsTest testActivityEvents
org.activiti.engine.test.api.repository.ModelQueryTest testQueryByCategoryLike
org.activiti.standalone.testing.MockSupportWithActivitiRuleTest testMockedServiceTaskByIdAnnotation
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.AttachmentEventsTest testAttachmentEntityEvents
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.timer.StartTimerEventRepeatWithEndTest testCycleDateStartTimerEvent
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.SignalThrowingEventListenerTest testThrowSignalInRolledbackTransaction
org.activiti.engine.test.api.history.HistoricTaskAndVariablesQueryTest testQueryWithPagingAndVariables
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.usertask.DynamicUserTaskTest testChangeAssignee
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.usertask.DynamicUserTaskTest testChangeFormKey
org.activiti.engine.test.concurrency.ConcurrentEngineUsageTest testConcurrentUsage
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.timer.StartTimerEventRepeatWithEndExpressionTest testCycleDateStartTimerEvent
org.activiti.standalone.testing.MockSupportWithActivitiTestCaseTest testNoOpServiceTasksWithIdsAnnotation
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.SignalThrowingEventListenerTest testThrowSignal
org.activiti.engine.test.api.history.HistoricTaskAndVariablesQueryTest testWithoutDueDateQuery
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.ScopedConverterTest connvertXMLToModel
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.AsyncEndEventConverterTest convertModelToXML
org.activiti.engine.test.api.tenant.TenancyTest testProcessDefinitionKeyClashBetweenTenants
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.GroupEventsTest testGroupEntityEvents
org.activiti.standalone.testing.ActivitiRuleJunit4SubclassTest testWaitForJobs
org.activiti.engine.test.api.variables.VariablesTest testGetVariableAllVariableFetchingDisabled
org.activiti.engine.test.api.tenant.TenancyTest testExecutionTenancy
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.timer.StartTimerEventRepeatWithoutEndDateTest testCycleDateStartTimerEvent
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.end.EndEventTest testConcurrentEndOfSameProcess
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.servicetask.CallServiceInServiceTaskTest testMultipleServiceInvocationsFromDelegate
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.OtherToolImportConverterTest convertModelToXML
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.timer.compatibility.IntermediateTimerEventRepeatCompatibilityTest testRepeatWithEnd
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.VariableEventsTest testTaskVariableStandalone
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.ProcessInstanceEventsTest testSubProcessInstanceEvents
org.activiti.standalone.parsing.CustomActivityBehaviorFactoryTest testCustomActivityBehaviorFactory
org.activiti.standalone.cfg.CustomMybatisXMLMapperTest testSelectTasksByCustomQuery
org.activiti.engine.test.api.history.ProcessInstanceLogQueryTest testIncludeTasksandComments
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.CompleteConverterTest connvertXMLToModel
org.activiti.engine.test.api.tenant.TenancyTest testSignalThroughApiTenancy
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.ProcessInstanceEventsTest testProcessInstanceCancelledEvents_complete
org.activiti.engine.test.api.tenant.TenancyTest testProcessDefinitionTenancy
org.activiti.standalone.calendar.DurationHelperTest daylightSaving23HourDayEurope
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.TaskEventsTest testDeleteEventDoesNotDispathComplete
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.usertask.DynamicUserTaskTest testChangeOwner
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.CustomExtensionsConverterTest convertModelToXML
org.activiti.engine.test.api.repository.ModelQueryTest testByDeploymentId
org.activiti.standalone.calendar.DurationHelperTest daylightSaving23HourDay
org.activiti.engine.test.cache.ProcessDefinitionInfoCacheTest testStartProcessInstanceByIdAfterReboot
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.VariableEventsTest testTaskVariableEventsWithinProcess
org.activiti.engine.test.api.runtime.ProcessInstanceUpdateBusinessKeyTest testProcessInstanceUpdateBusinessKey
org.activiti.engine.test.api.repository.ProcessDefinitionCategoryTest testSetProcessDefinitionCategory
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.ProcessInstanceEventsTest testProcessInstanceCancelledEvents_cancell
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.ActivityEventsTest testActivitySignalBoundaryEventsOnUserTask
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.usertask.DynamicUserTaskTest testChangeFormKeyWithExpression
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.ProcessInstanceEventsTest testProcessCompleted_ParallelGatewayNoEnd
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.MapExceptionConverterTest testMapExceptionWithNoErrorCode
org.activiti.engine.test.jobexecutor.AsyncExecutorTest testAsyncFailingScript
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.CommaSplitterTest testCommaAtStart
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.MapExceptionConverterTest testMapExceptionWithInvalidHasChildren
org.activiti.standalone.validation.DisabledSchemaValidationTest testDisableValidation
org.activiti.standalone.testing.MockSupportWithActivitiTestCaseTest testMockedServiceTaskAnnotation
org.activiti.engine.test.cache.ProcessDefinitionInfoCacheTest testDeployRevisedProcessAfterDeleteOnOtherProcessEngine
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.SubProcessConverterAutoLayoutTest convertModelToXML
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.ProcessInstanceEventsTest testProcessCompleted_StartEnd
org.activiti.engine.test.api.history.HistoricTaskAndVariablesQueryTest testOrQuery
org.activiti.engine.test.api.tenant.TenancyTest testHistoryTenancy
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.ProcessInstanceEventsTest testProcessInstanceEvents
org.activiti.engine.test.api.tenant.TenancyTest testSignalFromProcessTenancy
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.DataStoreConverterTest convertModelToXML
org.activiti.standalone.calendar.AdvancedCycleBusinessCalendarTest testLegacyCronString
org.activiti.engine.test.db.DuplicateVariableInsertTest testDuplicateVariableInsertOnExecution
org.activiti.engine.test.api.history.HistoricTaskAndVariablesQueryTest testQuery
org.activiti.engine.test.history.HistoricTaskInstanceUpdateTest testHistoricTaskInstanceUpdate
org.activiti.standalone.testing.MockSupportWithActivitiRuleTest testNoOpServiceTasksWithIdsAnnotation
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.ScopedConverterTest convertModelToXML
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.DataObjectConverterTest convertModelToXML
org.activiti.engine.test.api.task.TaskBatchDeleteTest testDeleteCancelledMultiInstanceTasks
org.activiti.engine.test.api.repository.DeployInvalidXmlTest testProcessEngineDenialOfServiceAttackUsingUnsafeXmlTest
org.activiti.engine.test.api.task.SubTaskQueryTest testQueryByAssigneeExcludeSubtasksOrderedAndPaginated
org.activiti.engine.test.api.history.HistoricProcessInstanceAndVariablesQueryTest testQuery
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.DatabaseEventLoggerTest testDatabaseEventsNoTenant
org.activiti.engine.test.jobexecutor.AsyncExecutorQueueOverflowTest testQueueOverflow
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.EncodingConverterTest convertModelToXML
org.activiti.engine.test.api.tenant.TenancyTest testJobTenancyAfterTenantChange
org.activiti.standalone.idgenerator.UuidGeneratorTest testUuidGeneratorUsage
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.ProcessInstanceEventsTest testProcessInstanceCancelledEvents_cancelProcessHierarchy
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.MessageFlowConverterTest convertModelToXML
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.ActivityEventsTest testActivityTimeOutEventInSubProcess
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.TextAnnotationConverterTest convertModelToXML
org.activiti.engine.test.api.task.SubTaskQueryTest testQueryExcludeSubtasksSorted
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.SubProcessWithExtensionsConverterTest convertXMLToModel
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.JobEventsTest testJobEntityEventsException
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.MessageConverterTest convertModelToXML
org.activiti.standalone.cfg.CustomMybatisXMLMapperTest testCustomQueryListPage
org.activiti.standalone.calendar.DurationHelperTest daylightSaving25HourDayEurope
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.FormPropertiesConverterTest doubleConversionValidation
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.ProcessInstanceEventsTest testProcessInstanceTerminatedEvents_terminateInParentProcess
org.activiti.engine.test.api.runtime.ProcessInstanceCommentTest testAddCommentToProcessInstance
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.SubProcessConverterTest connvertXMLToModel
org.activiti.engine.test.api.tenant.TenancyTest testProcessInstanceTenancy
org.activiti.engine.test.api.history.HistoricProcessInstanceAndVariablesQueryTest testOrQuery
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.TaskEventsTest testTaskAssignmentEventInProcess
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.UserTaskConverterTest connvertXMLToModel
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.ActivityEventsTest testActivityMessageEventsInEventSubprocess
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.usertask.DynamicUserTaskTest testChangeCandidateGroups
org.activiti.engine.test.api.repository.DeploymentCategoryTest testDeploymentCategory
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.ActivityEventsTest testActivitySignalEventsWithinProcess
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.CommaSplitterTest testNoComma
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.servicetask.CallServiceInServiceTaskTest testRollBackOnException
org.activiti.standalone.calendar.DurationHelperTest daylightSavingFallSecondHour
org.activiti.engine.test.jobexecutor.AsyncExecutorTest testAsyncScriptExecutionOnTwoEngines
org.activiti.standalone.testing.MockSupportWithActivitiRuleTest testMockedServiceTaskAnnotation
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.error.mapError.BoundaryErrorMapTest testClassDelegateSingleDirectMapNotMachingException
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.SignalThrowingEventListenerTest testThrowSignalInterrupting
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.EventListenerConverterTest connvertXMLToModel
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.MessageThrowingEventListenerTest testThrowMessageDefinedInProcessDefinition
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.sequenceflow.ConditionalSequenceFlowTest testUelExpression
org.activiti.engine.test.api.repository.ModelQueryTest testByInvalidDeploymentId
org.activiti.engine.test.api.runtime.ProcessInstanceIdentityLinksTest testCustomLinkGroupLink
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.CustomNamespaceAttributeConverterTest convertModelToXML
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.error.mapError.BoundaryErrorMapTest testSeqMultInstanceSingleDirectMap
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.VariableEventsTest testStartEndProcessInstanceVariableEvents
org.activiti.standalone.calendar.DurationHelperTest daylightSavingSpringObserved
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.error.mapError.BoundaryErrorMapTest testSubProcessSingleDirectMap
org.activiti.engine.test.api.tenant.TenancyTest testSuspendProcessDefinitionTenancy
org.activiti.standalone.calendar.DurationHelperTest daylightSavingSpring
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.MapExceptionConverterTest testMapExceptionWithNoExceptionClass
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.ProcessInstanceEventsTest testProcessCompletedEvents_callActivityErrorEndEvent
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.ErrorThrowingEventListenerTest testThrowError
org.activiti.standalone.calendar.AdvancedCycleBusinessCalendarTest testLegacyIsoString
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.ValuedDataObjectConverterTest convertModelToXML
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.SubProcessWithExtensionsConverterTest convertModelToXML
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.JobEventsTest testJobCanceledEventByManagementService
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.CommaSplitterTest testOManyComaInExpression
org.activiti.engine.test.api.tenant.TenancyTest testChangeDeploymentIdWithClash
org.activiti.standalone.testing.ActivitiRuleJunit4SubclassTest ruleUsageExample
org.activiti.standalone.cfg.CustomMybatisMapperTest testFetchTaskWithSpecificVariable
org.activiti.engine.test.api.history.ProcessInstanceLogQueryTest testIncludeComments
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.CallActivityConverterTest connvertXMLToModel
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.VariableEventsTest testProcessInstanceVariableEvents
org.activiti.engine.test.api.identity.UserEntityTest testSetPicture_pictureShouldBeSavedWhenNotNull
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.DataObjectConverterTest convertXMLToModel
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.VariableEventsTest testTaskVariableEvents
org.activiti.engine.test.api.repository.ModelQueryTest testKeyAndLatest
org.activiti.standalone.history.BulkDeleteNoHistoryTest testLargeAmountOfVariableBulkDelete
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.MessageThrowingEventListenerTest testThrowMessageInterrupting
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.CommentEventsTest testCommentEntityEventsStandaloneTask
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.CompleteConverterTest convertModelToXML
org.activiti.standalone.testing.MockSupportWithActivitiTestCaseTest testClassDelegateMockSupport
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.MessageConverterTest connvertXMLToModel
12267 1 19
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.CommonUtilsTest testLoadSuppressionsURISyntaxException
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.CommonUtilsTest testRelativeNormalizedPathWithDenormalizedBaseDirectory
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.CommonUtilsTest testClose
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.CommonUtilsTest testIsProperUtilsClass
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.CommonUtilsTest testInvokeConstructorThatFails
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.CommonUtilsTest testBaseClassNameForSimpleName
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.CommonUtilsTest testBadRegex2
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.CommonUtilsTest testInvokeConstructor
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.CommonUtilsTest testLengthExpandedTabs
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.CommonUtilsTest testFileExtensions
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.api.LocalizedMessageTest testMessageInFrench
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.CommonUtilsTest testGetExistingConstructor
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.CommonUtilsTest testBadRegex
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.CommonUtilsTest testRelativeNormalizedPathWithNullBaseDirectory
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.CommonUtilsTest testBaseClassNameForCanonicalName
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.CommonUtilsTest testGetNonExistingConstructor
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.CommonUtilsTest testRelativeNormalizedPath
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.CommonUtilsTest testInvalidPattern
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.CommonUtilsTest testCloseWithException
26438 1 20
org.apache.wicket.markup.html.form.upload.FileUploadErrorTest testSubmit_NoInput_FileUploaded
org.apache.wicket.util.license.ApacheLicenceHeaderTest licenseHeaders
org.apache.wicket.util.tester.FormTesterTest addBinaryFile
org.apache.wicket.markup.html.form.upload.FileUploadErrorTest testSubmit_NotValidTextFieldValue_FileUploaded
org.apache.wicket.filtertest.WithoutCPWithFPTest testHelloWorld
org.apache.wicket.cdi.ApacheLicenceHeaderTest licenseHeaders
org.apache.wicket.filtertest.WithCPWithFPTest testWithSlash
org.apache.wicket.filtertest.WithoutCPWithFPTest testWithSlash
org.apache.wicket.filtertest.WithCPWithoutFPTest testWithSlash
org.apache.wicket.markup.html.form.upload.FileUploadErrorTest testSubmit_RequiredFileUpload_Ok
org.apache.wicket.core.util.license.ApacheLicenceHeaderTest licenseHeaders
org.apache.wicket.util.markup.xhtml.WellFormedXmlTest markupFiles
org.apache.wicket.filtertest.WithCPWithoutFPTest testHelloWorld
org.apache.wicket.protocol.ws.util.license.ApacheLicenceHeaderTest licenseHeaders
org.apache.wicket.markup.html.form.upload.FileUploadErrorTest testSubmit_ValidTextField_WithFile
org.apache.wicket.filtertest.WithoutCPWithoutFPTest testHelloWorld
org.apache.wicket.protocol.ws.util.licence.ApacheLicenceHeaderTest licenseHeaders
org.apache.wicket.filtertest.WithoutCPWithoutFPTest testWithSlash
org.apache.wicket.request.util.license.ApacheLicenceHeaderTest licenseHeaders
org.apache.wicket.filtertest.WithCPWithFPTest testHelloWorld
20488 2 0
11307 1 106
org.springframework.data.rest.webmvc.support.RepositoryEntityLinksIntegrationTests returnsTemplatedLinkForPagingResource
org.springframework.data.rest.webmvc.jpa.JpaWebTests exposesInlinedEntities
org.springframework.data.rest.core.mapping.ResourceMappingsIntegrationTests detectsAllMappings
org.springframework.data.rest.webmvc.jpa.JpaWebTests doesNotAllowGetToCollectionResourceIfFindAllIsNotExported
org.springframework.data.rest.webmvc.jpa.JpaWebTests nic
org.springframework.data.rest.core.context.RepositoryEventIntegrationTests shouldDispatchAfterCreate
org.springframework.data.rest.webmvc.jpa.DataRest262Tests deserializesNestedAssociation
org.springframework.data.rest.core.mapping.ResourceMappingsIntegrationTests skipsSearchMethodsNotExported
org.springframework.data.rest.webmvc.jpa.JpaWebTests exposesRootResource
org.springframework.data.rest.webmvc.RepositoryEntityControllerIntegrationTests doesNotExposeMethodsForOptionsIfNotHttpMethodsSupportedForCollectionResource
org.springframework.data.rest.webmvc.jpa.JpaWebTests manipulatePropertyCollectionRestfullyWithDelete
org.springframework.data.rest.webmvc.jpa.JpaWebTests createThenPatch
org.springframework.data.rest.webmvc.RepositoryEntityControllerIntegrationTests returnsNotFoundForListingEntitiesIfFindAllNotExported
org.springframework.data.rest.webmvc.RepositorySearchControllerIntegrationTests doesNotExposeHeadForSearchResourceIfResourceDoesnHaveSearches
org.springframework.data.rest.core.context.RepositoryEventIntegrationTests shouldDispatchBeforeLinkDelete
org.springframework.data.rest.core.context.RepositoryEventIntegrationTests shouldDispatchBeforeCreate
org.springframework.data.rest.webmvc.jpa.JpaWebTests createsOrderUsingPut
org.springframework.data.rest.core.support.DomainObjectMergerTests doesNotMergeEmptyCollectionsForReferences
org.springframework.data.rest.webmvc.jpa.JpaWebTests accessPersons
org.springframework.data.rest.core.invoke.ReflectionRepositoryInvokerIntegrationTests fallsBackToPlainFindAllIfRepositoryIsNotPaging
org.springframework.data.rest.core.context.RepositoryEventIntegrationTests shouldDispatchBeforeDelete
org.springframework.data.rest.webmvc.support.RepositoryEntityLinksIntegrationTests returnsLinkToSingleResource
org.springframework.data.rest.core.invoke.ReflectionRepositoryInvokerIntegrationTests invokesFindAllWithPageableCorrectly
org.springframework.data.rest.webmvc.jpa.JpaWebTests exposesSchemasForResourcesExposed
org.springframework.data.rest.webmvc.RepositoryControllerIntegrationTests rootResourceExposesGetOnly
org.springframework.data.rest.webmvc.support.BackendIdConverterHandlerMethodArgumentResolverIntegrationTests stripsUriTemplateVariablesFromUri
org.springframework.data.rest.webmvc.RootResourceInformationIntegrationTests postIsNotSupportedIfSaveIsNotExported
org.springframework.data.rest.webmvc.jpa.JpaWebTests createPersonThenVerifyIgnoredAttributesDontExist
org.springframework.data.rest.webmvc.json.PersistentEntitySerializationTests deserializesPersonWithLinkToOtherPersonCorrectly
org.springframework.data.rest.core.context.RepositoryEventIntegrationTests shouldDispatchAfterLinkSave
org.springframework.data.rest.core.mapping.ResourceMappingsIntegrationTests doesNotExportAnyMappingsForHiddenRepository
org.springframework.data.rest.webmvc.jpa.JpaWebTests manipulatePropertyCollectionRestfullyWithSinglePost
org.springframework.data.rest.core.mapping.ResourceMappingsIntegrationTests usesPropertyNameAsRelForPropertyResourceMapping
org.springframework.data.rest.webmvc.support.RepositoryEntityLinksIntegrationTests adaptsToExistingPageable
org.springframework.data.rest.webmvc.RepositoryEntityControllerIntegrationTests setsExpandedSelfUriInLocationHeader
org.springframework.data.rest.webmvc.jpa.DataRest262Tests serializesLinksToNestedAssociations
org.springframework.data.rest.webmvc.jpa.JpaWebTests rendersExcerptProjectionsCorrectly
org.springframework.data.rest.core.context.RepositoryEventIntegrationTests shouldDispatchAfterLinkDelete
org.springframework.data.rest.webmvc.jpa.JpaWebTests servesHalWhenRequested
org.springframework.data.rest.webmvc.support.BackendIdConverterHandlerMethodArgumentResolverIntegrationTests translatesUriToBackendId
org.springframework.data.rest.core.mapping.ResourceMappingsIntegrationTests exposesResourceByPath
org.springframework.data.rest.webmvc.RepositoryEntityControllerIntegrationTests exposesSupportedHttpMethodsInAllowHeaderForOptionsRequestToItemResource
org.springframework.data.rest.webmvc.RepositoryEntityControllerIntegrationTests exposesSupportedHttpMethodsInAllowHeaderForOptionsRequestToCollectionResource
org.springframework.data.rest.webmvc.support.RepositoryEntityLinksIntegrationTests returnsLinkWithProjectionTemplateVariableIfProjectionIsDefined
org.springframework.data.rest.core.support.DomainObjectMergerTests mergeNullValue
org.springframework.data.rest.webmvc.RepositoryEntityControllerIntegrationTests rejectsEntityCreationIfSaveIsNotExported
org.springframework.data.rest.core.invoke.CrudRepositoryInvokerIntegrationTests invokesDeleteOnCrudRepository
org.springframework.data.rest.webmvc.jpa.JpaWebTests accessLinkedResources
org.springframework.data.rest.core.context.RepositoryEventIntegrationTests shouldDispatchAfterSave
org.springframework.data.rest.webmvc.RepositorySearchControllerIntegrationTests exposesHeadForSearchResourceIfResourceIsNotExposed
org.springframework.data.rest.core.invoke.CrudRepositoryInvokerIntegrationTests invokesRedeclaredSave
org.springframework.data.rest.webmvc.RepositorySearchControllerIntegrationTests queryMethodResourceSupportsGetOnly
org.springframework.data.rest.webmvc.jpa.JpaWebTests manipulatePropertyCollectionRestfullyWithMultiplePuts
org.springframework.data.rest.webmvc.jpa.JpaWebTests doesNotExposeCreditCardRepository
org.springframework.data.rest.webmvc.jpa.JpaWebTests returnsProjectionIfRequested
org.springframework.data.rest.core.context.RepositoryEventIntegrationTests shouldDispatchAfterDelete
org.springframework.data.rest.core.invoke.CrudRepositoryInvokerIntegrationTests invokesRedeclaredFindOne
org.springframework.data.rest.core.mapping.ResourceMappingsIntegrationTests exportsResourceAndSearchesForPersons
org.springframework.data.rest.webmvc.RepositoryEntityControllerIntegrationTests exposesHeadForCollectionResourceIfExported
org.springframework.data.rest.webmvc.RepositorySearchControllerIntegrationTests exposesHeadForSearchResourceIfResourceIsExposed
org.springframework.data.rest.webmvc.RepositorySearchControllerIntegrationTests returns404ForOptionsForRepositoryWithoutSearches
org.springframework.data.rest.webmvc.RepositorySearchControllerIntegrationTests executesSearchAgainstRepository
org.springframework.data.rest.webmvc.jpa.JpaWebTests manipulatePropertyCollectionRestfullyWithMultiplePosts
org.springframework.data.rest.webmvc.jpa.JpaWebTests exposesLinkForRelatedResource
org.springframework.data.rest.core.support.DomainObjectMergerTests mergeNewValue
org.springframework.data.rest.webmvc.jpa.JpaWebTests servesHalWhenJsonIsRequested
org.springframework.data.rest.webmvc.RepositoryEntityControllerIntegrationTests doesNotExposeHeadForCollectionResourceIfNotExported
org.springframework.data.rest.webmvc.jpa.JpaWebTests manipulatePropertyCollectionRestfullyWithSinglePut
org.springframework.data.rest.webmvc.RepositorySearchControllerIntegrationTests exposesHeadForExistingQueryMethodResource
org.springframework.data.rest.webmvc.json.PersistentEntitySerializationTests deserializesPersonWithLinkToOtherPersonsCorrectly
org.springframework.data.rest.core.RepositoryRestConfigurationIntegrationTests shouldProvideResourceMappingForConfiguredRepository
org.springframework.data.rest.webmvc.RepositoryControllerIntegrationTests exposesLinksToRepositories
org.springframework.data.rest.webmvc.RepositorySearchControllerIntegrationTests rendersCorrectSearchLinksForPersons
org.springframework.data.rest.webmvc.jpa.JpaWebTests doesNotAllowPostToCollectionResourceIfSaveIsNotExported
org.springframework.data.rest.webmvc.jpa.JpaWebTests onlyLinksShouldAppearWhenExecuteSearchCompact
org.springframework.data.rest.core.invoke.ReflectionRepositoryInvokerIntegrationTests invokesMethodOnPackageProtectedRepository
org.springframework.data.rest.webmvc.RootResourceInformationIntegrationTests getIsNotSupportedIfFindAllIsNotExported
org.springframework.data.rest.core.context.RepositoryEventIntegrationTests shouldDispatchBeforeLinkSave
org.springframework.data.rest.webmvc.RepositorySearchControllerIntegrationTests doesNotExposeHeadForInvalidQueryMethodResource
org.springframework.data.rest.webmvc.json.PersistentEntitySerializationTests serializesEmbeddedReferencesCorrectly
org.springframework.data.rest.webmvc.RepositoryEntityControllerIntegrationTests exposesHeadForItemResourceIfExported
org.springframework.data.rest.core.invoke.ReflectionRepositoryInvokerIntegrationTests invokesFindOneWithStringIdCorrectly
org.springframework.data.rest.webmvc.RepositorySearchControllerIntegrationTests searchResourceSupportsGetOnly
org.springframework.data.rest.webmvc.RepositoryControllerIntegrationTests headRequestReturnsNoContent
org.springframework.data.rest.core.context.ValidatorIntegrationTests shouldValidateLastName
org.springframework.data.rest.webmvc.jpa.JpaWebTests exposesSearchesForRootResources
org.springframework.data.rest.webmvc.json.PersistentEntitySerializationTests deserializesEmbeddedAssociationsCorrectly
org.springframework.data.rest.core.invoke.ReflectionRepositoryInvokerIntegrationTests invokesFindAllWithoutPageableCorrectly
org.springframework.data.rest.webmvc.RepositoryEntityControllerIntegrationTests doesNotExposeHeadForItemResourceIfNotExisting
org.springframework.data.rest.webmvc.jpa.JpaWebTests relProviderDetectsCustomizedMapping
org.springframework.data.rest.webmvc.jpa.JpaWebTests propertiesCanHaveNulls
org.springframework.data.rest.core.context.RepositoryEventIntegrationTests shouldDispatchBeforeSave
org.springframework.data.rest.core.mapping.ResourceMappingsIntegrationTests exposesMethodResourceMappingInPackageProtectedButExportedRepo
org.springframework.data.rest.webmvc.jpa.JpaWebTests putShouldWorkDespiteExistingLinks
org.springframework.data.rest.webmvc.json.PersistentEntitySerializationTests serializesReferencesWithinPagedResourceCorrectly
org.springframework.data.rest.webmvc.json.PersistentEntitySerializationTests deserializePersonWithLinks
org.springframework.data.rest.webmvc.RepositorySearchControllerIntegrationTests returns404ForRepositoryWithoutSearches
org.springframework.data.rest.webmvc.jpa.JpaWebTests createThenPut
org.springframework.data.rest.webmvc.jpa.JpaWebTests listsEmptySiblingsCorrectly
org.springframework.data.rest.webmvc.RepositorySearchControllerIntegrationTests returns404ForUnexportedRepository
org.springframework.data.rest.webmvc.jpa.JpaWebTests listsSiblingsWithContentCorrectly
org.springframework.data.rest.core.invoke.ReflectionRepositoryInvokerIntegrationTests considersFormattingAnnotationsOnQueryMethodParameters
org.springframework.data.rest.webmvc.json.PersistentEntitySerializationTests deserializesPersonEntity
org.springframework.data.rest.webmvc.json.PersistentEntitySerializationTests serializesPersonEntity
org.springframework.data.rest.core.invoke.ReflectionRepositoryInvokerIntegrationTests invokesQueryMethod
org.springframework.data.rest.webmvc.support.RepositoryEntityLinksIntegrationTests usesCustomGeneratedBackendId
21266 1 270
org.apache.ibatis.reflection.TypeParameterResolverTest testReturn_Lv2ArrayOfList
org.apache.ibatis.reflection.TypeParameterResolverTest testParam_Lv1Single
org.apache.ibatis.executor.statement.BaseStatementHandlerTest specifyQueryTimeoutZeroAndTransactionTimeout
org.apache.ibatis.reflection.TypeParameterResolverTest testParam_Lv2Single
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.include_property.IncludePropertyTest testSimpleProperty
org.apache.ibatis.type.TypeHandlerRegistryTest shouldBindHandlersToWrapersAndPrimitivesIndividually
org.apache.ibatis.builder.xml.dynamic.DynamicSqlSourceTest shouldHandleOgnlExpression
org.apache.ibatis.executor.statement.BaseStatementHandlerTest specifyMappedStatementTimeoutOnly
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.language.LanguageTest testDynamicSelectWithIteration
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.enumtypehandler_on_annotation.EnumTypeHandlerUsingAnnotationTest testForArg
org.apache.ibatis.reflection.TypeParameterResolverTest testReturn_Lv2ArrayOfArray
org.apache.ibatis.executor.CachingSimpleExecutorTest shouldSelectDiscriminatedPost
org.apache.ibatis.reflection.TypeParameterResolverTest testParam_Simple
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.selectkey.SelectKeyTest testAnnotatedUpdateTable2WithGeneratedKey
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.collectionparameters.CollectionParametersTest shouldGetTwoUsersPassingAnArray
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.cache.CacheTest shouldApplyFlushCacheOptions
org.apache.ibatis.reflection.TypeParameterResolverTest testField_GenericField
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.typehandler.TypeHandlerTest shouldApplyTypeHandlerWithJdbcTypeSpecified
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.collectionparameters.CollectionParametersTest shouldGetTwoUsersPassingAList
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.nested_query_cache.NestedQueryCacheTest testThatNestedQueryItemsAreRetrievedIfNotInCache
org.apache.ibatis.reflection.TypeParameterResolverTest testReturn_SimpleMap
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.selectkey.SelectKeyTest testAnnotatedInsertTable2WithSelectKeyWithKeyMapXml
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.batch_keys.BatchKeysTest testInsertWithMapper
org.apache.ibatis.builder.XmlConfigBuilderTest shouldSuccessfullyLoadXMLConfigFile
org.apache.ibatis.executor.CachingSimpleExecutorTest shouldSelect2DiscriminatedPosts
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.selectkey.SelectKeyTest testAnnotatedUpdateTable2WithSelectKeyWithKeyMapXml
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.bringrags.SimpleObjectTest testGetById
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.complex_column.ComplexColumnTest testWithComplex3
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.selectkey.SelectKeyTest testAnnotatedInsertTable2WithGeneratedKey
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.include_property.IncludePropertyTest testPropertyContext
org.apache.ibatis.binding.WrongMapperTest shouldFailForBothOneAndMany
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.include_property.IncludePropertyTest testRuntimeVar
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.typehandler.TypeHandlerTest shouldFailIfMultipleHandlerMappedToAType
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.sqlprovider.SqlProviderTest shouldGetUsersByNameWithParamNameAndOrderBy
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.substitution_in_annots.SubstitutionInAnnotsTest testSubstitutionWithAnnotsValue
org.apache.ibatis.reflection.TypeParameterResolverTest testParam_Primitive
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.include_property.IncludePropertyTest testNestedDynamicValue
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.mapper_type_parameter.MapperTypeParameterTest shouldResolveParam
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.sqlprovider.SqlProviderTest notSqlProvider
org.apache.ibatis.executor.BatchExecutorTest shouldSelectDiscriminatedPost
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.typehandler.TypeHandlerTest shouldApplyTypeHandlerOnGeneratedKey
org.apache.ibatis.reflection.TypeParameterResolverTest testReturn_Lv1Class
org.apache.ibatis.reflection.TypeParameterResolverTest testReturn_Lv2Class
org.apache.ibatis.executor.ReuseExecutorTest shouldSelect2DiscriminatedPosts
org.apache.ibatis.type.UnknownTypeHandlerTest getResultWithResultSetAndColumnIndexThrowsException
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.sqlprovider.SqlProviderTest shouldGetUsersByNameWithParamNameUsingMap
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.permissions.PermissionsTest checkNestedResultMapLoop
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.typehandler.TypeHandlerTest shouldPickSoleTypeHandlerOnXmlResultMap
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.cache.CacheTest shouldInsertWithOptionsFlushesCache
org.apache.ibatis.reflection.TypeParameterResolverTest testReturn_SimpleTypeVar
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.language.LanguageTest testLangRawWithMapper
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.selectkey.SelectKeyTest testAnnotatedInsertTable2WithSelectKeyWithKeyObject
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.language.LanguageTest testLangXmlWithMapper
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.includes.IncludeTest testParametrizedIncludes
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.flush_statement_npe.FlushStatementNpeTest testSameUpdateAfterCommitBatch
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.complex_column.ComplexColumnTest testWithoutComplex
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.collectionparameters.CollectionParametersTest shouldGetTwoUsersPassingACollection
org.apache.ibatis.executor.resultset.DefaultResultSetHandlerTest shouldThrowExceptionWithColumnName
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.multidb.MultiDbTest shouldExecuteHsqlQueryWithInclude
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.cursor_simple.CursorSimpleTest testCursorWithRowBound
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.sptests.SPTest testGetNamesAndItemsLinked
org.apache.ibatis.type.UnknownTypeHandlerTest setParameterWithNullParameter
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.nestedresulthandler_multiple_association.NestedResultHandlerMultipleAssociationTest failure
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.uuid_test.UUIDTest shouldInsertAUser
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.enumtypehandler_on_map.EnumTypeHandlerTest testEnumWithParam
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.multidb.MultiDbTest shouldExecuteCommonQuery
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.dynsql.DynSqlTest testOgnlStaticMethodCall
org.apache.ibatis.executor.BaseExecutorTest shouldSelectDiscriminatedPost
org.apache.ibatis.executor.statement.BaseStatementHandlerTest specifyMappedStatementTimeoutAndDefaultTimeout
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.sptests.SPTest testEchoDate
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.blocking_cache.BlockingCacheTest testBlockingCache
org.apache.ibatis.reflection.TypeParameterResolverTest testReturn_Subclass
org.apache.ibatis.session.AutoMappingUnknownColumnBehaviorTest warningCauseByUnknownPropertyType
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.cursor_simple.CursorSimpleTest testCursorMultipleHasNextCall
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.typehandler.TypeHandlerTest shouldApplyTypeHandlerOnReturnTypeWithJdbcTypeSpecified
org.apache.ibatis.reflection.TypeParameterResolverTest testReturn_SimpleWildcard
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.selectkey.SelectKeyTest testAnnotatedInsertTable2WithSelectKeyWithKeyMap
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.nestedresulthandler_association.NestedResultHandlerAssociationTest shouldHandleStop
org.apache.ibatis.reflection.TypeParameterResolverTest testParam_Lv2Multiple
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.multipleresultsetswithassociation.MultipleResultSetTest shouldGetOrderDetailsEachHavingAnOrderHeader
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.uuid_test.UUIDTest shouldGetAUser
org.apache.ibatis.executor.statement.BaseStatementHandlerTest specifyQueryTimeoutAndTransactionTimeoutMinIsQueryTimeout
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.include_property.IncludePropertyTest testPropertyInRefid
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.language.LanguageTest testDynamicSelectWithExpressionParams
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.heavy_initial_load.HeavyInitialLoadTest selectThingsConcurrently_mybatis_issue_224
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.nestedresulthandler_association.NestedResultHandlerAssociationTest shouldHandleRowBounds
org.apache.ibatis.executor.CachingReuseExecutorTest shouldSelectDiscriminatedPost
org.apache.ibatis.reflection.ReflectorTest shouldResolveArraySetterParam
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.enumtypehandler_on_annotation.EnumTypeHandlerUsingAnnotationTest testForResult
org.apache.ibatis.type.BlobInputStreamTypeHandlerTest integrationTest
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.ognl_enum.EnumWithOgnlTest testEnumWithOgnlDirector
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.sptests.SPTest testGetNamesAndItems_a2
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.results_id.ResultsIdTest testResultsOnlyForNaming
org.apache.ibatis.type.ClobReaderTypeHandlerTest shouldSetParameter
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.cursor_simple.CursorSimpleTest testCursorMultipleCloseCall
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.foreach.ForEachTest nullItemInContext
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.include_property.IncludePropertyErrorTest shouldFailForDuplicatedPropertyNames
org.apache.ibatis.scripting.defaults.DefaultParameterHandlerTest setParametersThrowsProperException
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.generictyperesolution.GenericTypeResolutionTest shouldGetAUser
org.apache.ibatis.reflection.TypeParameterResolverTest testReturn_LV2Map
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.typehandler.TypeHandlerTest shouldApplyTypeHandlerUsingConstructor
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.mapper_type_parameter.MapperTypeParameterTest shouldResolveMultipleTypeParam
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.sqlprovider.SqlProviderTest methodOverload
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.emptycollection.DaoTest testWithNonEmptyList
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.ognl_enum.EnumWithOgnlTest testEnumWithOgnlDirectorNameAttribute
org.apache.ibatis.type.UnknownTypeHandlerTest setParameterWithNonNullParameterThrowsException
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.nested.NestedForEachTest testSimpleSelectWithMapperAndPrimitives
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.selectkey.SelectKeyTest testAnnotatedInsertTable2WithSelectKeyWithKeyObjectXml
org.apache.ibatis.reflection.TypeParameterResolverTest testReturn_SimpleClass
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.multidb.MultiDbTest shouldInsertInCommonWithSelectKey2
org.apache.ibatis.reflection.TypeParameterResolverTest testReturn_SimpleVoid
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.keygen.Jdbc3KeyGeneratorTest shouldInsertListAndRetrieveId
org.apache.ibatis.reflection.ReflectorTest shouldResolveParameterizedSetterParam
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.selectkey.SelectKeyTest testAnnotatedUpdateTable2WithGeneratedKeyXml
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.selectkey.SelectKeyTest testSeleckKeyWithWrongKeyProperty
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.language.LanguageTest testLangRaw
org.apache.ibatis.type.UnknownTypeHandlerTest getResultWithResultSetAndColumnNameThrowsException
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.dynsql.DynSqlTest testSelectLike
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.selectkey.SelectKeyTest testAnnotatedInsertTable2WithGeneratedKeyXml
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.nestedresulthandler.NestedResultHandlerTest testGetPersonItemPairs
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.maptypehandler.MapTypeHandlerTest shouldGetAUserFromXML
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.generictyperesolution.GenericTypeResolutionTest shouldInsertAUser
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.batch_keys.BatchKeysTest testInsertMapperJdbc3
org.apache.ibatis.executor.statement.BaseStatementHandlerTest notSpecifyTimeout
org.apache.ibatis.reflection.TypeParameterResolverTest testReturn_SimpleList
org.apache.ibatis.type.BlobInputStreamTypeHandlerTest shouldSetParameter
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.language.LanguageTest testLangXmlWithMapperAndSqlSymbols
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.foreach.ForEachTest shouldReportMissingPropertyName
org.apache.ibatis.reflection.ReflectorTest shouldResolveParameterizedGetterType
org.apache.ibatis.jdbc.ScriptRunnerTest testLoggingFullScipt
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.typehandler.TypeHandlerTest shouldPickHandlerForNull
org.apache.ibatis.reflection.TypeParameterResolverTest testReturn_SimpleArray
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.cursor_simple.CursorSimpleTest shouldGetAllUser
org.apache.ibatis.executor.BatchExecutorTest shouldSelect2DiscriminatedPosts
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.selectkey.SelectKeyTest testAnnotatedUpdateTable2WithSelectKeyWithKeyMap
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.nestedresulthandler_multiple_association.NestedResultHandlerMultipleAssociationTest success
org.apache.ibatis.executor.statement.BaseStatementHandlerTest specifyDefaultTimeoutOnly
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.sqlprovider.SqlProviderTest notSupportParameterObject
org.apache.ibatis.session.AutoMappingUnknownColumnBehaviorTest none
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.multiple_discriminator.MultipleDiscriminatorTest testMultipleDiscriminatorLoop
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.include_property.IncludePropertyTest testEmptyString
org.apache.ibatis.reflection.factory.DefaultObjectFactoryTest instantiateClassThrowsProperErrorMsg
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.permissions.PermissionsTest checkNestedSelectLoop
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.emptycollection.DaoTest testWithEmptyList
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.maptypehandler.MapTypeHandlerTest shouldGetAUserFromAnnotation
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.simplelistparameter.SimpleListParameterTest shouldResolveGenericMethodGetterType
org.apache.ibatis.jdbc.ScriptRunnerTest testLogging
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.ognl_enum.EnumWithOgnlTest testEnumWithOgnl
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.multidb.MultiDbTest shouldInsertInCommonWithSelectKey
org.apache.ibatis.jdbc.ScriptRunnerTest shouldReturnWarningIfNotTheCurrentDelimiterUsed
org.apache.ibatis.binding.FlushTest invokeFlushStatementsViaMapper
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.selectkey.SelectKeyTest testAnnotatedUpdateTable2WithSelectKeyWithKeyObject
org.apache.ibatis.reflection.TypeParameterResolverTest testReturn_Lv2CustomClass
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.cursor_simple.CursorSimpleTest testCursorMultipleIteratorCall
org.apache.ibatis.executor.ReuseExecutorTest shouldSelectDiscriminatedPost
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.primitive_array.PrimitiveArrayTest shouldGetAUser
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.call_setters_on_nulls_again.MyBatisTest test
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.cglib_lazy_error.CglibNPETest testGrandParent
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.results_id.ResultsIdTest testReuseNamedResultsFromXmlMapper
org.apache.ibatis.session.SqlSessionTest shouldExecuteSelectAllAuthorsUsingMapperClassThatReturnsAnArray
org.apache.ibatis.reflection.TypeParameterResolverTest testParam_Lv2CustomClass
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.sptests.SPTest testGetNamesAndItems_a3
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.mapper_type_parameter.MapperTypeParameterTest shouldResolveReturnType
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.sqlprovider.SqlProviderTest shouldGetAllUsers
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.sqlprovider.SqlProviderTest invokeError
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.emptycollection.DaoTest testWithNonEmptyList_noCollectionId
org.apache.ibatis.session.SqlSessionTest shouldExecuteSelectAllAuthorsUsingMapperClassThatReturnsLinkedList
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.enumtypehandler_on_annotation.EnumTypeHandlerUsingAnnotationTest testForTypeDiscriminator
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.nested.NestedForEachTest testNestedSelect
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.cursor_simple.CursorSimpleTest testCursorClosedOnSessionClose
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.immutable_constructor.ImmutablePOJOTest shouldLoadImmutablePOJOBySignature
org.apache.ibatis.reflection.TypeParameterResolverTest testReturn_Lv1Array
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.results_id.IdConflictTest shouldFailOnDuplicatedId
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.cglib_lazy_error.CglibNPETest testNoParent
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.cglib_lazy_error.CglibNPELazyTest testAncestorSelf
org.apache.ibatis.reflection.TypeParameterResolverTest testReturn_Lv2WildcardList
org.apache.ibatis.reflection.TypeParameterResolverTest testReturn_Lv1List
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.language.LanguageTest testLangRawWithIncludeAndCData
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.sptests.SPTest testGetNamesAndItemsLinkedWithNoMatchingInfo
org.apache.ibatis.session.SqlSessionTest shouldSelectBlogWithPostsAndAuthorUsingSubSelectsLazily
org.apache.ibatis.type.ClobReaderTypeHandlerTest shouldGetResultFromCallableStatement
org.apache.ibatis.executor.BaseExecutorTest shouldSelect2DiscriminatedPosts
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.sqlprovider.SqlProviderTest shouldGetUsersByName
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.complex_column.ComplexColumnTest testWithComplex
org.apache.ibatis.type.BlobInputStreamTypeHandlerTest shouldGetResultFromResultSet
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.nested.NestedForEachTest testNestedSelect2
org.apache.ibatis.reflection.ReflectorTest shouldResolveSetterParam
org.apache.ibatis.type.ClobReaderTypeHandlerTest integrationTest
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.batch_keys.BatchKeysTest testInsertMapperNoBatchJdbc3
org.apache.ibatis.reflection.TypeParameterResolverTest testReturn_Anonymous
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.language.LanguageTest testLangVelocityWithMapper
org.apache.ibatis.binding.BindingTest shouldGetBlogsWithAuthorsAndPostsEagerly
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.substitution_in_annots.SubstitutionInAnnotsTest testSubstitutionWithXml
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.cglib_lazy_error.CglibNPETest testAncestor
org.apache.ibatis.session.SqlSessionTest shouldExecuteSelectOneAuthorUsingMapperClassThatReturnsALinedHashMap
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.cglib_lazy_error.CglibNPETest testInsertBetweenTwoSelects
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.cglib_lazy_error.CglibNPELazyTest testAncestorAfterQueryingParents
org.apache.ibatis.builder.xml.dynamic.DynamicSqlSourceTest shouldSkipForEachWhenCollectionIsEmpty
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.cglib_lazy_error.CglibNPELazyTest testAncestor
org.apache.ibatis.type.JdbcTypeTest shouldHaveDateTimeOffsetConstant
org.apache.ibatis.reflection.TypeParameterResolverTest testParam_Lv1Array
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.include_property.IncludePropertyTest testNestedInclude
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.sqlprovider.SqlProviderTest methodNotFound
org.apache.ibatis.reflection.factory.DefaultObjectFactoryTest instantiateClass
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.ognl_enum.EnumWithOgnlTest testEnumWithOgnlDirectorWithInterface
org.apache.ibatis.reflection.ReflectorTest shouldResolveGetterType
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.language.LanguageTest testDynamicSelectWithPropertyParams
org.apache.ibatis.executor.CachingBatchExecutorTest shouldSelectDiscriminatedPost
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.encoding.EncodingTest testEncoding1
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.nested.NestedForEachTest testSimpleSelectWithPrimitives
org.apache.ibatis.type.UnknownTypeHandlerTest setParameterWithNullParameterThrowsException
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.simplelistparameter.SimpleListParameterTest shouldResolveGenericFieldGetterType
org.apache.ibatis.executor.CachingBatchExecutorTest shouldSelect2DiscriminatedPosts
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.language.LanguageTest testLangRawWithInclude
org.apache.ibatis.binding.BindingTest shouldGetBlogsWithAuthorsAndPosts
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.sqlprovider.SqlProviderTest shouldGetUsersByCriteria
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.include_property.IncludePropertyTest testConfigVar
org.apache.ibatis.jdbc.ScriptRunnerTest changingDelimiterShouldNotCauseRunnerFail
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.batch_test.BatchTest shouldGetAUserNoException
org.apache.ibatis.type.JdbcTypeTest shouldHaveRequiredStandardConstants
org.apache.ibatis.reflection.ReflectorTest shouldResolveGetterTypeFromPublicField
org.apache.ibatis.session.SqlSessionTest shouldExecuteSelectAllAuthorsUsingMapperClassThatReturnsVector
org.apache.ibatis.reflection.TypeParameterResolverTest testParam_Subclass
org.apache.ibatis.executor.CachingReuseExecutorTest shouldSelect2DiscriminatedPosts
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.immutable_constructor.ImmutablePOJOTest shouldFailLoadingImmutablePOJO
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.multidb.MultiDbTest shouldExecuteHsqlQuery
org.apache.ibatis.session.SqlSessionTest shouldExecuteSelectAllAuthorsUsingMapperClassThatReturnsSet
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.typehandler.TypeHandlerTest shouldPickSameTypeHandlerMappedToDifferentJdbcTypes
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.sqlprovider.SqlProviderTest shouldGetUsersByNameUsingMap
org.apache.ibatis.session.AutoMappingUnknownColumnBehaviorTest failingCauseByUnknownColumn
org.apache.ibatis.type.ClobReaderTypeHandlerTest shouldGetResultFromResultSet
org.apache.ibatis.executor.statement.BaseStatementHandlerTest specifyQueryTimeoutAndTransactionTimeoutMinIsTransactionTimeout
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.cursor_simple.CursorSimpleTest testCursorWithBadRowBound
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.dynsql2.DynSqlTest testDynamicSelectWithTypeHandler
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.cursor_nested.CursorNestedTest testCursorWithRowBound
org.apache.ibatis.mapping.BoundSqlTest testHasAdditionalParameter
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.extends_with_constructor.NpeExtendsTest testSelectNoName
org.apache.ibatis.reflection.TypeParameterResolverTest testReturn_SimpleArrayOfArray
org.apache.ibatis.reflection.TypeParameterResolverTest testReturn_Lv2CustomClassList
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.results_id.ResultsIdTest testNamingResults
org.apache.ibatis.reflection.TypeParameterResolverTest testReturn_SimplePrimitive
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.cursor_nested.CursorNestedTest shouldGetAllUser
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.cursor_simple.CursorSimpleTest testCursorUsageAfterClose
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.mapper_type_parameter.MapperTypeParameterTest shouldResolveListParam
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.multipleresultsetswithassociation.MultipleResultSetTest shouldGetOrderDetailsEachHavingAnOrderHeaderAnnotationBased
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.cglib_lazy_error.CglibNPETest testSelectWithStringSQLInjection
org.apache.ibatis.type.UnknownTypeHandlerTest getResultWithCallableStatementAndColumnIndexThrowsException
org.apache.ibatis.reflection.ReflectorTest shouldResolveSetterTypeFromPrivateField
org.apache.ibatis.executor.statement.BaseStatementHandlerTest specifyTransactionTimeout
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.association_nested.FolderMapperTest testFindWithChildren
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.results_id.ResultsIdTest testReuseNamedResultsFromAnotherMapper
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.multiple_discriminator.MultipleDiscriminatorTest testMultipleDiscriminator2
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.sptests.SPTest testGetNamesAndItems
org.apache.ibatis.reflection.TypeParameterResolverTest testReturn_Lv0InnerClass
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.map_class_name_conflict.MapperNameTest initDatabase
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.sqlprovider.SqlProviderTest shouldGetUsersByCriteriaMap
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.dynsql.DynSqlTest testNumerics
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.cglib_lazy_error.CglibNPELazyTest testGrandParent
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.flush_statement_npe.FlushStatementNpeTest testSameUpdateAfterCommitSimple
org.apache.ibatis.executor.statement.BaseStatementHandlerTest specifyQueryTimeoutAndTransactionTimeoutWithSameValue
org.apache.ibatis.reflection.TypeParameterResolverTest testReturn_Lv0SimpleClass
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.cglib_lazy_error.CglibNPETest testAncestorAfterQueryingParents
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.sptests.SPTest testCallLowHighWithResultSet
org.apache.ibatis.session.SqlSessionTest shouldFailWithTooManyResultsException
org.apache.ibatis.reflection.ReflectorTest shouldResolveArrayGetterType
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.complex_column.ComplexColumnTest testWithComplex2
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.dynsql.DynSqlTest testBindNull
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.selectkey.SelectKeyTest testAnnotatedUpdateTable2WithSelectKeyWithKeyObjectXml
org.apache.ibatis.type.BlobInputStreamTypeHandlerTest shouldGetResultFromCallableStatement
org.apache.ibatis.submitted.substitution_in_annots.SubstitutionInAnnotsTest testSubstitutionWithAnnotsParameter
15918 2 0
23757 1 16
filter.SpecFilterTest should filter away secret parameters
filter.SpecFilterTest should filter away the store resource
JsonDesrializationTest should deserialize the petstore
JsonDesrializationTest should deserialize the composition test
filter.SpecFilterTest should clone everything
converter.JsonIgnorePropertiesModelTest should ignore a property with superclass #767
converter.ModelPropertyOverrideTest should read a model with property dataTypes configured #679
SwaggerSerializerTest should read the uber api
SimpleScannerTest should scan defaultValue and required per #937
filter.SpecFilterTest should filter away internal model properties
SwaggerSerializerTest should write a spec with parameter references
filter.SpecFilterTest should filter away get operations in a resource
SimpleScannerTest should scan a resource with all hidden values #1073
SwaggerSerializerTest should convert a spec
converter.ModelPropertyNameParserTest should parse property names correctly per #415
ModelConverterTest should set readOnly per #854
21515 1 307
org.javalite.activejdbc.ToFromXmlSpec shouldConvertClobsToString
org.javalite.activejdbc.SetParentTest shouldAcceptTwoParents
org.javalite.activejdbc.C3P0PoolTest shouldUseConnectionFromPool
org.javalite.activejdbc.DeleteCascadeTest shouldDeletePolymorphicChildrenDeep
org.javalite.activejdbc.CacheTest testCount
org.javalite.common.UtilTest testJoinCollection
org.javalite.activejdbc.ModelTest testValidatesPresenceOf
org.javalite.activejdbc.OptimisticLockingTest shouldSetVersionToOneWhenCreatingNewRecord
org.javalite.db_migrator.DatabaseUtilsSpec shouldExtractDatabaseNames
org.javalite.activejdbc.ModelTest testModelFinderWithListenerAndParameters
org.javalite.db_migrator.MigrationSpec shouldBatchPostgresFunctionsAndProcedures
org.javalite.activejdbc.PolymorphicAssociationsTest shouldThrowExceptionIfWrongParentTypeRequested
org.javalite.db_migrator.CreateDatabaseSpec createSqlServer2000Database
org.javalite.activejdbc.ValidatorsTest shouldConvertEmptyStringToNull
org.javalite.activejdbc.dialects.OracleDialectTest testOffsetOnlyNoLimit
org.javalite.activejdbc.ModelTest testCustomIdName
org.javalite.activejdbc.ValidationWithResourceBundlesTest shouldPullCorrectMessageWithParameters
org.javalite.activejdbc.AttributesAndAssociationsTest shouldReturnCorrectAttributes
org.javalite.common.UtilTest testRepeat
org.javalite.common.UtilTest shouldReadUTF8
org.javalite.activejdbc.ModelTest testLikeCondition
org.javalite.activejdbc.IncludesTest shouldRejectClassWithNoAssociation
org.javalite.activejdbc.ConnectionSpecTest testJndi
org.javalite.activejdbc.ConverterTest shouldGetConvertTimestampToString
org.javalite.activejdbc.Defect140Test shouldNotWrapDBException
org.javalite.activejdbc.HierarchyTest shouldAcceptMultipleLevelsInheritance
org.javalite.activejdbc.ConverterTest shouldSetAndGetDateAsString
org.javalite.activejdbc.Many2ManyRelationshipTest shouldFindManyToManyViaGetter
org.javalite.activejdbc.Defect122Test shouldNotFail
org.javalite.activejdbc.Defect107Test shouldNotFail
org.javalite.db_migrator.CreateDatabaseSpec createPostgresqlDatabase
org.javalite.activejdbc.ModelTest testOneToMany
org.javalite.activejdbc.ValidatorsTest testNumericValidator
org.javalite.activejdbc.CustomConverterTest shouldConvertStringToInteger
org.javalite.activejdbc.BaseTest testExecDelete
org.javalite.common.UtilTest testEmptyArray
org.javalite.activejdbc.dialects.PostgreSQLDialectTest testFormSelectWithTableName
org.javalite.activejdbc.ModelTest testCreateNewAndSaveWithSomeNULLs
org.javalite.activejdbc.CreateModelTest shouldThrowExceptionIfWrongNumberOfArguments
org.javalite.activejdbc.IncludesTest shouldBeAbleToIncludeOtherInManyToMany
org.javalite.activejdbc.ToJsonSpec shouldIncludeOnlyProvidedAttributes
org.javalite.db_migrator.MigrationSpec shouldExecuteLastStatementWhenDelimiterIsMissing
org.javalite.activejdbc.ValidationWithResourceBundlesTest shouldReturnProvidedMessageIfNotFoundInResourceBundle
org.javalite.activejdbc.BatchExecTest shouldInsertAsBatch
org.javalite.activejdbc.ModelExistsTest testInstance
org.javalite.db_migrator.H2MigrationSpec shouldApplyPendingMigrations
org.javalite.activejdbc.NumericValidationBuilderTest shouldRejectValueAboveMax
org.javalite.activejdbc.DeleteCascadeTest shouldDeletePolymorphicChildren
org.javalite.activejdbc.DeleteCascadeTest shouldDeleteMany2ManyShallow
org.javalite.activejdbc.IsModelValidTest test
org.javalite.activejdbc.ToJsonSpec shouldGenerateJsonForPolymorphicChildren
org.javalite.activejdbc.ValidatorsTest shouldNotOverwritePreviousValidation
org.javalite.activejdbc.PaginatorDefect38Test shouldNotFail
org.javalite.db_migrator.DatabaseUtilsSpec shouldExtractServerUrl
org.javalite.activejdbc.AssociationEqualityTest testBelongsToEquals
org.javalite.activejdbc.ValidatorsTest shouldReturnNullIfRequestedErrorForAttributeWhichDidNotProduceOne
org.javalite.activejdbc.ValidatorsTest testRangeValidator
org.javalite.activejdbc.BlobTest shouldWriteAndReadBytesToDb
org.javalite.activejdbc.CacheTest testCountWithParams
org.javalite.activejdbc.SetParentTest shouldRejectNewParent
org.javalite.activejdbc.ConverterTest shouldSetZeroAsNull
org.javalite.activejdbc.ConverterTest shouldSetAndGetStringAsTimestamp
org.javalite.activejdbc.PolymorphicAssociationsTest shouldFindPolymorphicParent
org.javalite.activejdbc.HierarchyTest shouldFailSTI
org.javalite.activejdbc.ModelTest shouldOverrideSomeAttributesFromMap
org.javalite.activejdbc.PolymorphicAssociationsTest shouldFindPolymorphicParentWithInclude
org.javalite.activejdbc.dialects.DefaultDialectTest testSelectStar
org.javalite.db_migrator.PostgreSQLMigrationSpec org.javalite.db_migrator.PostgreSQLMigrationSpec
org.javalite.activejdbc.SetParentTest shouldRejectUnrelatedParent
org.javalite.activejdbc.ModelTest shouldFindManyToOneViaGetter
org.javalite.activejdbc.ModelTest testIdName
org.javalite.activejdbc.ModelTest testBatchUpdateAll
org.javalite.activejdbc.ValidatorsTest testRegexpValidator
org.javalite.activejdbc.ModelTest shouldNotRemoveNull
org.javalite.activejdbc.AttributeConverterTest testTimestampConverter
org.javalite.activejdbc.AttributesAndAssociationsTest shouldReturnCorrectAssociations
org.javalite.activejdbc.PolymorphicAssociationsOverrideTest shouldRemovePolymorphicChildren
org.javalite.activejdbc.dialects.DefaultDialectTest testCreateParametrizedInsertVersioned
org.javalite.activejdbc.AttributeConverterTest testDateConverter
org.javalite.activejdbc.dialects.DefaultDialectTest testSelectStarWithQuery
org.javalite.activejdbc.IncludesTest shouldIncludeMany2ManyInCaseJoinTableHasUnconventionalPKName
org.javalite.activejdbc.PaginatorTest shouldPaginateWithRawSql
org.javalite.activejdbc.ModelTest testLookupAndSave
org.javalite.common.UtilTest testJoinList
org.javalite.activejdbc.ModelTest testCount
org.javalite.activejdbc.CreateModelTest shouldThrowExceptionIfNullPassedForNameOfAttribute
org.javalite.activejdbc.CacheTest testFindFirst
org.javalite.activejdbc.ConnectionSpecTest testJdbc
org.javalite.activejdbc.dialects.OracleDialectTest testFormSelectWithoutTableName
org.javalite.activejdbc.ToJsonSpec shouldGenerateFromList
org.javalite.activejdbc.ModelTest testCreateNewAndSave
org.javalite.activejdbc.ModelTest shouldSerializeModel
org.javalite.activejdbc.dialects.DefaultDialectTest testSelectStarParametrized
org.javalite.db_migrator.HSQLMigrationSpec shouldApplyPendingMigrations
org.javalite.common.UtilTest testBlankString
org.javalite.activejdbc.ModelTest testOverrideTableName
org.javalite.activejdbc.BaseTest testBaseFindAllParametrized
org.javalite.activejdbc.PolymorphicAssociationsOverrideTest shouldFindAllPolymorphicChildrenWithCriteria
org.javalite.activejdbc.dialects.OracleDialectTest testLimitOffset
org.javalite.activejdbc.CreatedAtUpdatedAtTest shouldResetUpdatedAtByBatchClassMethods
org.javalite.activejdbc.OptimisticLockingTest should
org.javalite.activejdbc.ModelTest testCopyFrom
org.javalite.common.UtilTest testJoinAndRepeat
org.javalite.common.XmlEntitiesTest testEscape
org.javalite.activejdbc.dialects.OracleDialectTest testLimitOffsetNoOrderBy
org.javalite.activejdbc.CacheEventListenerTest shouldDelegateCachePurgeEventsToListener
org.javalite.activejdbc.OptimisticLockingTest shouldThrowExceptionWhenVersionCollisionHappens
org.javalite.db_migrator.SQLServerMigrationSpec org.javalite.db_migrator.SQLServerMigrationSpec
org.javalite.common.UtilTest shouldReadLargeUTF8
org.javalite.activejdbc.PaginatorTest testThatPaginatorIsSerializable
org.javalite.activejdbc.PolymorphicAssociationsTest shouldFindAllPolymorphicChildren
org.javalite.activejdbc.ValidationWithResourceBundlesTest shouldPullCorrectMessageWithParametersGerman
org.javalite.activejdbc.dialects.DefaultDialectTest testCreateParametrizedInsertIdUnmanaged
org.javalite.activejdbc.Defect149Test shouldNotIncludeNullValuesIntoInsertStatement
org.javalite.activejdbc.TimeManagementSpec shouldTurnTimeManagementOffWhenCreating
org.javalite.activejdbc.NumericValidationBuilderTest shouldFixDefect66
org.javalite.activejdbc.dialects.OracleDialectTest testNoOffsetAndNoLimit
org.javalite.activejdbc.CustomValidatorTest shouldRegisterCustomValidator
org.javalite.activejdbc.ModelTest testFindBySQL
org.javalite.activejdbc.OptimisticLockingOverrideVersionColumnTest shouldSetVersionToOneWhenCreatingNewRecord
org.javalite.activejdbc.ModelTest testBatchUpdate
org.javalite.activejdbc.CreateModelTest shouldThrowExceptionIfWrongValuePassed
org.javalite.activejdbc.ModelTest testFk
org.javalite.activejdbc.ModelTest testNewFromMap
org.javalite.activejdbc.ModelTest testBelongsToConvention
org.javalite.activejdbc.Many2ManyRelationshipTest shouldFindWithParamsForJoinTable
org.javalite.activejdbc.CreateModelTest shouldCreateAndSaveModel
org.javalite.activejdbc.CacheTest shouldNotAddInfoToStatisticsIfFoundResultInCache
org.javalite.activejdbc.ToJsonSpec shouldIncludeUglyChildren
org.javalite.activejdbc.LongIdTest shouldThrowNPEIfIdIsNull
org.javalite.activejdbc.OptimisticLockingOverrideVersionColumnTest shouldAdvanceVersionWhenRecordIsUpdated
org.javalite.activejdbc.LongIdTest shouldReturnValidLongId
org.javalite.activejdbc.PolymorphicAssociationsOverrideTest shouldAddPolymorphicChild
org.javalite.common.UtilTest shouldStreamIntoFile
org.javalite.activejdbc.RemoveAssociatedChildTest shouldClearJoinLinksWhenChildRemovedInMany2Many
org.javalite.activejdbc.Defect48Test shouldFailIfParentRequestedAndForeignKeyNotSet
org.javalite.common.ConvertTest shouldCovertToShort
org.javalite.activejdbc.ModelTest testModelFinderWithParams
org.javalite.activejdbc.ConverterTest shouldSetAndGetStringAsDate
org.javalite.activejdbc.PolymorphicAssociationsTest shouldFindAllPolymorphicChildrenWithCriteria
org.javalite.common.http.HttpSpec shouldGenerateContentFromMap
org.javalite.activejdbc.OrphanRecordTest shouldReturnNullIfForeignKeyPointsNonExistingParent
org.javalite.activejdbc.IncludesTest shouldFixDefect163NeedsToIncludeChildrenAndParentsInTreeStructure
org.javalite.activejdbc.ModelTest testModelFinderWithListener
org.javalite.activejdbc.AssociationEqualityTest testMany2ManyEquals
org.javalite.db_migrator.SimpleVersionStrategySpec shouldRecordMigrations
org.javalite.activejdbc.DeleteCascadeTest shouldDeleteOne2ManyShallow
org.javalite.activejdbc.PaginatorTest testThrowExceptionIfWrongArgument
org.javalite.activejdbc.BaseTest testBaseFindAll
org.javalite.activejdbc.DeleteCascadeTest shouldDeletePolymorphicShallow
org.javalite.activejdbc.dialects.PostgreSQLDialectTest testFormSelectWithLimitOffset
org.javalite.activejdbc.ModelTest testSaveOneToManyAssociation
org.javalite.activejdbc.NumericValidationBuilderTest shouldRejectNonIntegerValue
org.javalite.activejdbc.ToFromXmlSpec shouldGenerateSimpleXml
org.javalite.activejdbc.statistics.StatisticsQueueTest shouldPause
org.javalite.db_migrator.MigrationSpec shouldUseTheSameDelimiterUntilExplicitlyChanged
org.javalite.activejdbc.IncludesTest shouldCacheIncludesMany2Many
org.javalite.activejdbc.PaginatorTest testPageCount
org.javalite.db_migrator.MigrationSpec shouldBatchSimpleCommands
org.javalite.activejdbc.ToJsonSpec shouldInjectCustomContentIntoJson
org.javalite.activejdbc.BaseTest testFindParametrized
org.javalite.db_migrator.SimpleVersionStrategySpec shouldBeEmptyIfNoMigrationExecuted
org.javalite.activejdbc.ConnectionFailedMessageTest shouldReportURLIfCannotConnect
org.javalite.activejdbc.ValidatorsTest testSaveItMethod
org.javalite.activejdbc.ModelTest testBelongsToMany
org.javalite.activejdbc.ToFromXmlSpec shouldParseAttributesFromXml
org.javalite.activejdbc.ValidationWithResourceBundlesTest shouldPullCorrectMessageFromResourceBundle
org.javalite.activejdbc.ModelTest shouldCollectLastNames
org.javalite.activejdbc.LazyListTest shouldGenerateSql
org.javalite.activejdbc.IncludesTest shouldBeAbleToIncludeParentOne2Many
org.javalite.activejdbc.SetParentTest shouldRejectNullParent
org.javalite.activejdbc.Many2ManyRelationshipTest shouldSelectManyToManyWithGet
org.javalite.db_migrator.DropDatabaseSpec dropSqlServer2000Database
org.javalite.activejdbc.ConverterTest shouldSetNullNumber
org.javalite.activejdbc.RaceConditionTest shouldNotGetRaceCondition
org.javalite.activejdbc.PolymorphicAssociationsTest shouldInferPolymorphicNames
org.javalite.activejdbc.ModelTest shouldFindOneToManyViaGetter
org.javalite.activejdbc.PaginatorTest testPreviousAndNext
org.javalite.activejdbc.OptimisticLockingOverrideVersionColumnTest shouldThrowExceptionWhenVersionCollisionHappens
org.javalite.activejdbc.dialects.DefaultDialectTest testCreateParametrizedInsertIdUnmanagedGenerator
org.javalite.activejdbc.PolymorphicAssociationsOverrideTest shouldFindAllPolymorphicChildren
org.javalite.activejdbc.PaginatorTest testCurrentPage
org.javalite.activejdbc.ConverterTest shouldCreateBlankStringAsNull
org.javalite.activejdbc.ConverterTest shouldSaveAndFetchDateAndTimestamp
org.javalite.activejdbc.PolymorphicAssociationsOverrideTest shouldThrowExceptionIfWrongParentTypeRequested
org.javalite.activejdbc.ConverterTest shouldGetConvertDateToString
org.javalite.activejdbc.dialects.OracleDialectTest testFormSelectWithTableName
org.javalite.activejdbc.IncludesTest shouldBeAbleToIncludeParentAndChildren
org.javalite.activejdbc.dialects.DefaultDialectTest testCreateParametrizedInsert
org.javalite.activejdbc.Many2ManyOverrideConventionsTest test
org.javalite.activejdbc.Many2ManyRelationshipTest shouldRejectUnassociatedModel
org.javalite.activejdbc.PolymorphicAssociationsOverrideTest shouldInferPolymorphicNames
org.javalite.activejdbc.ConnectionSpecTest testJdbcWithProperties
org.javalite.activejdbc.dialects.OracleDialectTest testLimitOnlyNoOffset
org.javalite.activejdbc.ModelTest testAttemptSetId
org.javalite.db_migrator.DropDatabaseSpec dropPostgresqlDatabase
org.javalite.activejdbc.CacheTest shouldNotPropagateCacheEventForNonCachedModels
org.javalite.activejdbc.ConverterTest shouldCreateZeroAsNull
org.javalite.activejdbc.ConverterTest shouldSetAndGetTimestampAsString
org.javalite.activejdbc.dialects.DefaultDialectTest testFormSelectWithoutTableName
org.javalite.activejdbc.ToJsonSpec shouldIncludePrettyChildren
org.javalite.activejdbc.ToFromXmlSpec shouldGenerateFromList
org.javalite.activejdbc.ToFromXmlSpec shouldIncludeChildren
org.javalite.activejdbc.UnmaganedIdTest shouldInsertNewRecord
org.javalite.activejdbc.ValidationWithResourceBundlesTest shouldPullCorrectMessageInGermanFromResourceBundle
org.javalite.activejdbc.IncludesTest shouldNotCallDependentIfOriginatedModelQueryReturnsNoResultsForOneToMany
org.javalite.activejdbc.ValidatorsTest testUniquenessValidator
org.javalite.activejdbc.ModelTest testModelFinderAll
org.javalite.activejdbc.ModelTest shouldConvertUtilDate2SqlDate
org.javalite.activejdbc.ToFromXmlSpec shouldEscapeSpecialCharsInXMLContent
org.javalite.activejdbc.Defect104Test shouldNotReturnNullAttributesInMap
org.javalite.db_migrator.CreateDatabaseSpec createSqlServer2005Database
org.javalite.activejdbc.TimeManagementSpec shouldTurnTimeManagementOffWhenUpdating
org.javalite.activejdbc.ToJsonSpec shouldReturnSecondsInDateTime
org.javalite.common.XmlEntitiesTest testUnescape
org.javalite.activejdbc.dialects.OracleDialectTest testSelectFirst
org.javalite.activejdbc.Issue217Test shouldReturnShort
org.javalite.activejdbc.BaseTest testCount
org.javalite.activejdbc.PolymorphicAssociationsTest shouldRemovePolymorphicChildren
org.javalite.activejdbc.ConverterTest shouldSetNullTimestamp
org.javalite.activejdbc.ToFromXmlSpec shouldGenerateXmlForPolymorphicChildren
org.javalite.activejdbc.ConverterTest shouldSetNullString
org.javalite.activejdbc.ModelTest testFrosen
org.javalite.activejdbc.ConverterTest shouldSetBlankStringAsNull
org.javalite.activejdbc.CacheTest testCachedParent
org.javalite.activejdbc.NumericValidationBuilderTest shouldAcceptNullValue
org.javalite.activejdbc.DeleteCascadeTest shouldDeleteOneToManyDeep
org.javalite.activejdbc.CacheTest testFindById
org.javalite.db_migrator.MigrationSpec shouldHandleComplexCommands
org.javalite.db_migrator.DropDatabaseSpec dropSqlServer2005Database
org.javalite.activejdbc.ModelTest shouldFindChildrenWithCriteria
org.javalite.activejdbc.Many2ManyRelationshipTest shouldSelectManyToManyWithGetAll
org.javalite.activejdbc.CacheEventListenerTest shouldNotBreakIfListenerThrowsException
org.javalite.db_migrator.DropDatabaseSpec dropMysqlDatabase
org.javalite.activejdbc.ModelTest testGetById
org.javalite.db_migrator.SimpleVersionStrategySpec shouldCreateSchemaVersionTable
org.javalite.activejdbc.CallbackSupportTest shouldCallbackAllMethodsOnCallbackImplementation
org.javalite.activejdbc.ModelTest testInstanceDelete
org.javalite.common.UtilTest testJoinArray
org.javalite.activejdbc.ValidatorsTest testPresenceValidator
org.javalite.activejdbc.Many2ManyRelationshipTest shouldAddNewChildInManyToManyAssociation
org.javalite.activejdbc.DeleteCascadeTest shouldDeleteMany2ManyDeep
org.javalite.activejdbc.ModelTest testOneToManyWrongAssociation
org.javalite.activejdbc.NumericValidationBuilderTest shouldRejectValueBelowMin
org.javalite.activejdbc.Defect199Test shouldProvideGoodMessage
org.javalite.activejdbc.BaseTest testExecParametrized
org.javalite.activejdbc.IncludesTest shouldNotCallDependentIfOriginatedModelQueryReturnsNoResultsForManyToMany
org.javalite.activejdbc.LazyListTest shouldGenerateSqlWithParameters
org.javalite.activejdbc.ModelTest shouldCreateModelWithSingleSetter
org.javalite.activejdbc.dialects.DefaultDialectTest testCreateParametrizedInsertIdUnmanagedVersioned
org.javalite.activejdbc.ToFromXmlSpec shouldIncludeOnlyProvidedAttributes
org.javalite.activejdbc.dialects.DefaultDialectTest testCreateParametrizedInsertIdGenerator
org.javalite.activejdbc.ConverterTest shouldGetZeroAsNull
org.javalite.activejdbc.CreatedAtUpdatedAtTest shouldResetUpdatedAtByInstanceMethods
org.javalite.activejdbc.ModelTest testCopyTo
org.javalite.activejdbc.OrphanRecordTest shouldReturnNullIfForeignKeyIsNull
org.javalite.db_migrator.MigrationSpec shouldBatchMySQLFunctionsAndProcedures
org.javalite.activejdbc.ModelTest testOneToManyOverrideConventionAssociation
org.javalite.common.ConvertTest shouldCovertToFloat
org.javalite.activejdbc.DataSourceTest shouldOpenConnectionFromDataSource
org.javalite.activejdbc.PolymorphicAssociationsTest shouldBeAbleToIncludePolymorphicParent
org.javalite.activejdbc.BelongsToParentsTest shouldCheckThatComputerBelongsTo2DifferentParents
org.javalite.activejdbc.ToJsonSpec shouldEscapeDoubleQuote
org.javalite.activejdbc.ConverterTest shouldSetNullDate
org.javalite.db_migrator.CreateDatabaseSpec createMysqlDatabase
org.javalite.activejdbc.CreateModelTest shouldCreateModel
org.javalite.activejdbc.Defect117Test shouldNotThrowNPE
org.javalite.activejdbc.AttachDetachTest shouldAttachDetachConnection
org.javalite.activejdbc.RemoveAssociatedChildTest shouldDeleteChildInOneToMany
org.javalite.activejdbc.BaseTest testBaseFinder
org.javalite.activejdbc.ModelTest testDeleteCascade
org.javalite.activejdbc.CacheTest testCache
org.javalite.activejdbc.OffsetLimitTest testAll
org.javalite.activejdbc.AssociationEqualityTest testOneToManyEquals
org.javalite.activejdbc.ToFromXmlSpec shouldInjectCustomContentIntoXML
org.javalite.db_migrator.MigrationResolverSpec shouldExtractVersionFromFileName
org.javalite.activejdbc.NumericValidationBuilderTest shouldAcceptCorrectValueForTotal
org.javalite.activejdbc.PolymorphicAssociationsOverrideTest shouldFindPolymorphicParent
org.javalite.activejdbc.dialects.PostgreSQLDialectTest testFormSelectWithoutTableName
org.javalite.activejdbc.ModelExistsTest testStatic
org.javalite.activejdbc.ModelTest testModelFindOne
org.javalite.activejdbc.dialects.DefaultDialectTest testFormSelectWithTableName
org.javalite.activejdbc.CallbackSupportTest shouldCallBeforeAfterValidate
org.javalite.activejdbc.Defect150ConnectionLeakTest shouldThrowExceptionIfConnectionOpenedWithoutClosingPrevious
org.javalite.activejdbc.BaseTest testExec
org.javalite.activejdbc.Defect141Test shouldRefreshCreatedAndUpdatedAttributes
org.javalite.activejdbc.CloseConnectionsTest shouldCloseAllConnections
org.javalite.activejdbc.ModelTest testSetWrongAttribute
org.javalite.activejdbc.Defect123Test test
org.javalite.activejdbc.HierarchyTest shouldAcceptSingleLevelInheritance
org.javalite.activejdbc.TableNameTest test
org.javalite.activejdbc.OptimisticLockingTest shouldAdvanceVersionWhenRecordIsUpdated
org.javalite.activejdbc.IncludesTest shouldBeAbleToIncludeChildrenOne2Many
org.javalite.activejdbc.Defect133Test shouldFindConnectionOnThread
org.javalite.activejdbc.ValidatorsTest testMessagePassing
org.javalite.activejdbc.ModelTest testBatchDelete
org.javalite.activejdbc.ConverterTest shouldSetNull
org.javalite.activejdbc.dialects.DefaultDialectTest testFormSelectWithOrderBy
org.javalite.activejdbc.DeleteCascadeTest shouldDeleteMany2ManyDeepSkippingAssociation
org.javalite.activejdbc.ModelTest testModelFinder
org.javalite.activejdbc.ModelTest testModelFindOneParametrized
org.javalite.activejdbc.PolymorphicAssociationsTest shouldAddPolymorphicChild
org.javalite.activejdbc.ModelTest shouldGenerateCorrectInsertSQL
org.javalite.activejdbc.PaginatorTest testGetPage
org.javalite.activejdbc.CallbackSupportTest shouldCallBeforeAfterSaveAndDelete
org.javalite.activejdbc.AttributesAndAssociationsTest shouldReturnCaseInsensitiveAttributes
org.javalite.activejdbc.ModelTest shouldAcceptUpperCaseAttributeName
13617 0 0
10322 2 0
15412 2 0
24782 1 861
org.activiti.engine.test.api.history.ProcessInstanceLogQueryTest testIncludeVariables
org.activiti.engine.test.api.repository.ModelQueryTest testQueryByInvalidNameLike
org.activiti.engine.test.api.identity.ProcessInstanceIdentityLinkTest testSetAuthenticatedUserAndCompleteLastTask
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.multiinstance.MultiInstanceTest testNestedSequentialUserTasks
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.compensate.CompensateEventTest testCompensateMiSubprocessVariableSnapshots
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.error.BoundaryErrorEventTest testCatchErrorThrownByJavaDelegateOnMultiInstanceServiceTaskParallel
org.activiti.engine.test.api.runtime.InstanceInvolvementTest testInstanceRemoval
org.activiti.engine.test.api.repository.ProcessDefinitionSuspensionTest testSuspendMultipleProcessDefinitionsByKey
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.end.TerminateEndEventTest testTerminateInSubProcess
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.async.AsyncTaskTest testAsyncServiceNoListeners
org.activiti.engine.test.api.tenant.TenancyTest testCallActivityWithTenant
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.timer.compatibility.StartTimerEventRepeatCompatibilityTest testCycleDateStartTimerEvent
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.NotExecutableConverterTest convertModelToXML
org.activiti.standalone.parsing.CustomListenerFactoryTest testCustomListenerFactory
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.async.AsyncTaskTest testAsyncServiceMultiInstance
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.IdentityLinkEventsTest testProcessInstanceIdentityDeleteCandidateGroupEvents
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.error.ErrorEventSubProcessTest testCatchErrorInEmbeddedSubProcess
org.activiti.engine.test.api.task.SubTaskQueryTest testQueryByAssigneeExcludeSubtasksPaginated
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.ProcessInstanceEventsTest testProcessCompleted_NoEnd
org.activiti.engine.test.api.tenant.TenancyTest testTaskTenancy
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.usertask.TaskDueDateExtensionsTest testDueDateStringExtension
org.activiti.engine.test.api.form.FormServiceTest testGetStartFormKeyEmptyArgument
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.subprocess.CallActivityTest testInstantiateSubprocess
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.error.mapError.BoundaryErrorMapTest testCallProcessSingleDirectMap
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.JobEventsTest testJobCanceledEventOnBoundaryEvent
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.IdentityLinkEventsTest testProcessDefinitionIdentityLinkEvents
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.SignalThrowingEventListenerTest testGlobalSignalDefinedInProcessDefinition
org.activiti.standalone.cfg.CustomMybatisXMLMapperTest testAttachmentQuery
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.async.AsyncTaskTest testAsyncScript
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.timer.BoundaryTimerNonInterruptingEventTest testTimerOnConcurrentTasks2
org.activiti.engine.test.api.form.FormServiceTest testGetStartFormKey
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.signal.SignalEventTest testAsyncTriggeredSignalEvent
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.sequenceflow.DefaultSequenceFlowTest testDefaultSequenceFlowOnTask
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.CustomNamespaceAttributeConverterTest convertXMLToModel
org.activiti.engine.test.api.repository.ModelQueryTest testOrderBy
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.ActivityEventsTest testActivityErrorEvents
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.EncodingConverterTest connvertXMLToModel
org.activiti.standalone.testing.ActivitiRuleJunit4Test testWaitForJobs
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.timer.StartTimerEventTest testTimersRecreatedOnDeploymentDelete
org.activiti.engine.test.api.repository.ProcessDefinitionCategoryTest testQueryByCategoryNotEquals
org.activiti.standalone.event.EventListenersConfigurationTest testEventListenerConfiguration
org.activiti.engine.test.api.runtime.InstanceInvolvementTest testInvolvements
org.activiti.engine.test.api.repository.ModelQueryTest testByLatestVersion
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.ErrorThrowingEventListenerTest testThrowErrorWithErrorcodeDefinedInProcessDefinition
org.activiti.engine.test.api.repository.DeployNonExecutableProcessDefinitionTest testDeployNonExecutableProcessDefinition
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.timer.TimeExpressionTest testTimeExpressionWithoutTime
org.activiti.engine.test.api.variables.VariablesTest testGetVariable
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.end.TerminateEndEventTest testTerminateInCallActivityMultiInstance
org.activiti.standalone.parsing.CustomDefaultBpmnParseHandlerTest testCustomDefaultUserTaskParsing
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.MessageEventDefinitionWithExtensionElementsTest testParseMessagedDefinitionWithExtension
org.activiti.standalone.el.ExpressionBeanAccessTest testConfigurationBeanAccess
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.error.BoundaryErrorEventTest testCatchErrorThrownByJavaDelegateOnEmbeddedSubProcess
org.activiti.engine.test.db.DuplicateVariableInsertTest testDuplicateVariableInsertOnTask
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.ChineseConverterTest convertModelToXML
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.CustomExtensionsConverterTest convertXMLToModel
org.activiti.engine.test.api.history.ProcessInstanceLogQueryTest testEverything
org.activiti.standalone.calendar.AdvancedCycleBusinessCalendarTest testDaylightSavingSpringCron
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.end.TerminateEndEventTest testTerminateInCallActivityConcurrentTerminateAll
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.end.TerminateEndEventTest testMiCallActivityParallel
org.activiti.engine.test.history.HistoricVariableInstanceTest testHistoricProcessInstanceDeleteCascadesCorrectly
org.activiti.engine.test.api.task.TaskIdentityLinksTest testDeleteOwner
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.usertask.TaskPriorityExtensionsTest testPriorityExtension
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.multiinstance.MultiInstanceTest testSequentialUserTasksHistory
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.usertask.DynamicUserTaskTest testChangeCandidateUsers
org.activiti.engine.test.api.variables.VariablesTest testGetVariablesWithCollectionThroughRuntimeService
org.activiti.engine.test.regression.DeleteProcessInstanceTest testNoEndTimeSet
org.activiti.engine.test.api.task.TaskInfoQueryTest testTaskInfoQuery
org.activiti.engine.test.api.task.TaskAndVariablesQueryTest testQuery
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.ProcessDefinitionEventsTest testProcessDefinitionEvents
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.end.TerminateEndEventTest testTerminateInSubProcessConcurrentMultiInstanceTerminateAll
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.ActivityEventsTest testActivityErrorEventsFromBPMNError
org.activiti.engine.test.api.runtime.ProcessInstanceIdentityLinksTest testCandidateGroupLink
org.activiti.standalone.jpa.JPAVariableTest testStoreJPAEntityAsVariable
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.subprocess.transaction.TransactionSubProcessTest testMultipleCancelBoundaryFails
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.multiinstance.MultiInstanceTest testParallelScriptTasksCompletionConditionHistory
org.activiti.engine.test.history.HistoricVariableInstanceTest testChangeType
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.async.AsyncEmailTaskTest testSimpleTextMailSendTask
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.signal.SignalEventTest testSignalWithProcessInstanceScope
org.activiti.standalone.jpa.JPAVariableTest testIllegalEntities
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.end.TerminateEndEventTest testTerminateInSubProcessTerminateAll
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.multiinstance.MultiInstanceTest testParallelCallActivityWithTimer
org.activiti.engine.test.db.VariableScopeTest testModeledVariableScope
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.ErrorThrowingEventListenerTest testThrowErrorWithErrorcode
org.activiti.engine.test.api.task.TaskIdentityLinksTest testCandidateUserLink
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.gateway.InclusiveGatewayTest testNoSequenceFlowSelected
org.activiti.standalone.event.TypedEventListenersConfigurationTest testEventListenerConfiguration
org.activiti.engine.test.history.HistoricVariableInstanceTest testNativeHistoricVariableInstanceQuery
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.signal.SignalEventTest testSignalUserTask
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.multiinstance.MultiInstanceTest testSequentialServiceTaskWithClass
org.activiti.standalone.testing.MockSupportWithActivitiTestCaseTest testMockedServiceTasksAnnotation
org.activiti.engine.test.api.repository.ProcessDefinitionSuspensionTest testProcessDefinitionActiveByDefault
org.activiti.engine.test.pvm.PvmEventScopesTest testActivityEndDestroysEventScopes
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.multiinstance.MultiInstanceTest testParallelUserTasksHistory
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.gateway.InclusiveGatewayTest testNoIdOnSequenceFlow
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.message.MessageEventSubprocessTest testInterruptingUnderProcessDefinition
org.activiti.standalone.validation.DefaultProcessValidatorTest verifyValidation
org.activiti.standalone.calendar.AdvancedCycleBusinessCalendarTest testDaylightSavingFallCron
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.ServiceTaskConverterTest convertModelToXML
org.activiti.engine.test.api.form.FormServiceTest testSubmitStartFormDataWithBusinessKey
org.activiti.engine.test.db.ProcessInstanceMigrationTest testSetProcessDefinitionVersionWithWithTask
org.activiti.engine.test.api.form.FormServiceTest testSubmitTaskFormData
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.signal.SignalEventTest testSignalBoundaryOnSubProcess
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.UncaughtErrorEventTest testUncaughtError
org.activiti.standalone.deploy.DeploymentCacheLimitTest testDeploymentCacheLimit
org.activiti.engine.test.api.task.SubTaskQueryTest testQueryByAssigneeExcludeSubtasks
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.gateway.InclusiveGatewayTest testDirectSequenceFlow
org.activiti.engine.test.api.form.FormServiceTest testGetStartFormByKeyNullKey
org.activiti.examples.bpmn.executionlistener.CustomFlowExecutionListenerTest testScriptExecutionListener
org.activiti.engine.test.api.history.ProcessInstanceLogQueryTest testIncludeVariableUpdates
org.activiti.engine.test.api.repository.ModelQueryTest testVerifyModelProperties
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.AttachmentEventsTest testAttachmentEntityEventsStandaloneTask
org.activiti.engine.test.api.runtime.InstanceInvolvementTest testUserMultipleTimesinvolvedWithProcessInstance
org.activiti.engine.test.api.task.SubTaskQueryTest testQueryByAssigneeExcludeSubtasksOrdered
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.subprocess.CallActivityTest testInstantiateSuspendedChildProcess
org.activiti.examples.bpmn.gateway.InclusiveGatewayTest testDecisionFunctionality
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.ProcessInstanceEventsTest testSignalProcessInstanceStart
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.error.BoundaryErrorEventTest testCatchErrorOnGroovyScriptTask
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.error.mapError.BoundaryErrorMapTest testClassDelegateSingleDirectMap
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.error.ErrorEventSubProcessTest testEventSubprocessTakesPrecedence
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.message.MessageBoundaryEventTest testBoundaryMessageEventOnSubprocessAndInsideSubprocess
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.ActivityEventsTest testActivityMessageBoundaryEventsOnUserTask
org.activiti.engine.test.api.repository.ProcessDefinitionSuspensionTest testSubmitStartFormAfterProcessDefinitionSuspend
org.activiti.engine.test.api.tenant.TenancyTest testSignalThroughApiTenancyReversed
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.AsyncEndEventConverterTest connvertXMLToModel
org.activiti.examples.bpmn.executionlistener.ScriptExecutionListenerTest testScriptExecutionListener
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.error.BoundaryErrorEventTest testCatchErrorThrownByJavaDelegateProvidedByDelegateExpressionOnServiceTask
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.end.TerminateEndEventTest testTerminateInSubProcessConcurrentTerminateAll
org.activiti.engine.test.api.repository.ProcessDefinitionSuspensionTest testCannotSuspendActiveProcessDefinition
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.ModelEventsTest testModelEvents
org.activiti.engine.test.api.repository.ModelQueryTest testQueryByInvalidKey
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.end.TerminateEndEventTest testTerminateInSubProcessMultiInstance
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.UserEventsTest testUserEntityEvents
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.timer.BoundaryTimerNonInterruptingEventTest testTimerOnEmbeddedSubprocess
org.activiti.standalone.jpa.JPAEnhancedVariableTest testEnhancedEntityListVariables
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.parse.BpmnParseTest testInvalidProcessDefinition
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.message.MessageBoundaryEventTest testDoubleBoundaryMessageEventMultiInstance
org.activiti.standalone.scripting.ScriptBeanAccessTest testConfigurationBeanAccess
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.error.BoundaryErrorEventTest testUncaughtError
org.activiti.engine.test.history.HistoricVariableInstanceTest testVariableUpdatesLinkedToActivity
org.activiti.engine.test.api.task.SubTaskQueryTest testQueryWithPagination
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.usertask.DynamicUserTaskTest testChangeCandidateUsersAndGroups
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.end.TerminateEndEventTest testTerminateInExclusiveGatewayWithMultiInstanceSubProcessTerminateAll
org.activiti.engine.test.jobexecutor.JobExecutorTest testBasicJobExecutorOperation
org.activiti.standalone.calendar.DurationHelperTest daylightSavingFallFirstHour
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.multiinstance.MultiInstanceTest testInfiniteLoopWithDelegateExpressionFix
org.activiti.standalone.jpa.JPAVariableTest testStoreJPAEntityListAsVariableEdgeCases
org.activiti.engine.test.regression.ProcessValidationExecutedAfterDeployTest testGetLatestProcessDefinitionTextByKey
org.activiti.standalone.calendar.AdvancedCycleBusinessCalendarTest testCronString
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.error.BoundaryErrorEventTest testConcurrentExecutionsInterruptedOnDestroyScope
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.parse.BpmnParseTest testParseSwitchedSourceAndTargetRefsForAssociations
org.activiti.examples.bpmn.authorization.StartAuthorizationTest testPotentialStarter
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.gateway.InclusiveGatewayTest testDefaultSequenceFlow
org.activiti.engine.test.history.HistoricTaskInstanceTest testHistoricTaskInstanceQuery
org.activiti.engine.test.api.repository.ModelQueryTest testQueryByNameLike
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.CallActivityConverterTest convertModelToXML
org.activiti.engine.test.db.VariableScopeTest testGetVariableLocal
org.activiti.engine.test.api.history.HistoricTaskAndVariablesQueryTest testCandidate
org.activiti.engine.test.api.tenant.TenancyTest testChangeDeploymentTenantId
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.end.TerminateEndEventTest testTerminateInCallActivityMultiInstanceTerminateAll
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.parse.BpmnParseTest testParseDiagramInterchangeElementsForUnknownModelElements
org.activiti.standalone.testing.MockSupportWithActivitiRuleTest testNoOpServiceTasksAnnotation
org.activiti.standalone.event.ProcessDefinitionScopedEventListenerDefinitionTest testProcessDefinitionListenerDefinitionEntities
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.compensate.CompensateEventTest testCompensateScope
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.timer.IntermediateTimerEventTest testLoop
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.ProcessInstanceEventsTest testProcessInstanceTerminatedEvents_complete
org.activiti.engine.test.api.tenant.TenancyTest testStartProcessInstanceByMessageTenancyReversed
org.activiti.examples.bpmn.event.error.BoundaryErrorEventTest testReviewSalesLeadProcess
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.subprocess.CallActivityTest testInstantiateSuspendedProcessByMessage
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.end.TerminateEndEventTest testNestedCallActivities
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.end.TerminateEndEventTest testTerminateInSubProcessConcurrentTerminateAll2
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.CommaSplitterTest testCommaAtEnd
org.activiti.engine.test.api.form.FormServiceTest testGetTaskFormKeyEmptyArguments
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.exclusive.ExclusiveTaskTest testExclusiveServiceConcurrent
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.multiinstance.MultiInstanceTest testParallelSubProcessHistory
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.end.TerminateEndEventTest testTerminateWithCallActivity
org.activiti.standalone.cfg.CustomMybatisXMLMapperTest testSelectTaskList
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.message.MessageBoundaryEventTest testDoubleBoundaryMessageEvent
org.activiti.engine.test.api.tenant.TenancyTest testStartProcessInstanceByMessageTenancy
org.activiti.engine.test.api.task.TaskDueDateTest testDueDateSortingWithNulls
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.parse.BpmnParseTest testParseNamespaceInConditionExpressionType
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.end.TerminateEndEventTest testTerminateInExclusiveGatewayWithMultiInstanceSubProcess
org.activiti.engine.test.db.ProcessInstanceMigrationTest testSetProcessDefinitionVersionWithCallActivity
org.activiti.engine.test.history.HistoricTaskInstanceTest testHistoricTaskInstanceOrQuery
org.activiti.engine.test.history.HistoricVariableInstanceTest testHistoricVariableQuery2
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.error.ErrorEventSubProcessTest testCatchErrorThrownByScriptTaskInsideSubProcessInTopLevelProcess
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.multiinstance.MultiInstanceTest testParallelUserTasksCustomExtensionsLoopIndexVariable
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.parse.BpmnParseTest testParseWithMultipleDocumentation
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.error.BoundaryErrorEventTest testUncaughtErrorOnCallActivity
org.activiti.engine.test.jobexecutor.JobExecutorFailRetryTest testFailedServiceTask
org.activiti.engine.test.logging.mdc.MDCLoggingTest testLogger
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.error.ErrorEventSubProcessTest testCatchErrorThrownByScriptTaskInTopLevelProcess
org.activiti.standalone.testing.MockSupportWithActivitiRuleTest testClassDelegateMockSupport
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.SignalThrowingEventListenerTest testThrowSignalInNewTransaction
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.gateway.InclusiveGatewayTest testDecideBasedOnBeanProperty
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.CommaSplitterTest testCommaAtStartAndEnd
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.end.TerminateEndEventTest testTerminateWithSubProcessTerminateAll
org.activiti.standalone.cfg.CustomMybatisXMLMapperTest testSelectOneTask
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.multiinstance.MultiInstanceTest testExecutionListenersOnMultiInstanceUserTask
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.JobEventsTest testTimerFiredForIntermediateTimer
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.message.MessageIntermediateEventTest testAsyncTriggeredMessageEvent
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.DatabaseEventLoggerTest testDatabaseEvents
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.gateway.InclusiveGatewayTest testWhitespaceInExpression
org.activiti.engine.test.api.repository.ModelQueryTest testQueryNoCriteria
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.message.MessageStartEventTest testMultipleMessageStartEvents
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.multiinstance.MultiInstanceTest testSequentialUserTasksWithTimer
org.activiti.engine.test.api.variables.VariablesTest testTaskGetVariables
org.activiti.standalone.testing.MockSupportWithActivitiTestCaseTest testClassDelegateStringMockSupport
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.timer.IntermediateTimerEventTest testLoopWithCycle
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.TaskEventsTest testTaskEventsInProcess
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.end.TerminateEndEventTest testTerminateWithSubProcess2
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.ExecutionEventsTest testExecutionEvents
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.error.BoundaryErrorEventTest testCatchErrorOnEmbeddedSubprocessWithoutErrorCode
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.multiinstance.MultiInstanceTest testSequentialScriptTasksCompletionCondition
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.ActivityEventsTest testActivityMessageEvents
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.usertask.TaskAssignmentCandidateTest testCandidateGroups
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.multiinstance.MultiInstanceTest testSequentialSubProcessHistory
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.gateway.InclusiveGatewayTest testLoop
org.activiti.standalone.jpa.JPAVariableTest testUpdateJPAEntityValues
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.timer.StartTimerEventTest testTimerShouldNotBeRemovedWhenUndeployingOldVersion
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.end.TerminateEndEventTest testProcessTerminateAll
org.activiti.examples.bpmn.authorization.StartAuthorizationTest testPotentialStarterNoDefinition
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.timer.StartTimerEventTest testOldJobsDeletedOnRedeploy
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.timer.TimeExpressionTest testTimeExpressionWithoutSeconds
org.activiti.engine.test.api.form.FormPropertyDefaultValueTest testDefaultValue
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.signal.SignalEventTest testNonInterruptingSignalWithSubProcess
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.SimpleConverterTest connvertXMLToModel
org.activiti.engine.test.jobexecutor.AsyncExecutorTest testAsyncExecutorDisabledOnOneEngine
org.activiti.engine.test.api.runtime.ProcessInstanceSuspensionTest testQueryForActiveAndSuspendedProcessInstances
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.CommaSplitterTest testManyCommas
org.activiti.standalone.event.ProcessDefinitionScopedEventListenerDefinitionTest testProcessDefinitionListenerDefinition
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.PoolsConverterTest convertModelToXML
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.signal.SignalEventTest testSignalCatchBoundary
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.timer.TimeExpressionTest testTimeExpressionWithoutDay
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.error.BoundaryErrorEventTest testCatchErrorThrownByJavaDelegateOnServiceTask
org.activiti.engine.test.api.nonpublic.EventSubscriptionQueryTest testQueryByActivityId
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.ValuedDataObjectWithExtensionsConverterTest convertXMLToModel
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.FormPropertiesConverterTest connvertJsonToModel
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.multiinstance.MultiInstanceTest testParallelUserTasksBasedOnCollection
org.activiti.engine.test.api.nonpublic.EventSubscriptionQueryTest testQueryByEventType
org.activiti.standalone.cfg.CustomMybatisXMLMapperTest testSelectTaskByCustomQuery
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.ActivityEventsTest testActivityCompensationEvents
org.activiti.standalone.jpa.JPAEnhancedVariableTest testEnhancedEntityVariables
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.CommentEventsTest testCommentEntityEvents
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.IdentityLinkEventsTest testTaskIdentityLinks
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.gateway.EventBasedGatewayTest testConnectedToActitiy
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.timer.compatibility.BoundaryTimerEventRepeatCompatibilityTest testRepeatWithoutEnd
org.activiti.engine.test.api.repository.ModelQueryTest testQueryByCategoryNotEquals
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.ActivityEventsTest testActivityMessageBoundaryEventsOnSubProcess
org.activiti.standalone.validation.DefaultProcessValidatorTest testAllNonExecutableProcesses
org.activiti.engine.test.api.task.TaskIdentityLinksTest testEmptyCandidateUserLink
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.IdentityLinkEventsTest testProcessInstanceIdentityLinkEvents
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.subprocess.transaction.TransactionSubProcessTest testSimpleCaseTxCancelled
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.gateway.InclusiveGatewayTest testDecideBasedOnListOrArrayOfBeans
org.activiti.engine.test.api.tenant.TenancyTest testStartProcessInstanceBySignalTenancy
org.activiti.engine.test.api.tenant.TenancyTest testJobTenancy
org.activiti.standalone.calendar.AdvancedCycleBusinessCalendarTest testDaylightSavingSpringIso
org.activiti.engine.test.api.runtime.ProcessInstanceAndVariablesQueryTest testQuery
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.message.MessageEventSubprocessTest testTwoInterruptingUnderProcessDefinition
org.activiti.engine.test.api.task.SubTaskTest testSubTask
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.SignalThrowingEventListenerTest testGlobalSignal
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.error.BoundaryErrorEventTest testCatchErrorOfInnerSubprocessOnOuterSubprocess
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.ChineseConverterTest connvertXMLToModel
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.async.AsyncTaskTest testAsyncServiceConcurrent
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.multiinstance.MultiInstanceTest testParallelCallActivity
org.activiti.engine.test.api.form.FormServiceTest testSaveFormData
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.java.EventJavaTest testStartEventWithExecutionListener
org.activiti.examples.bpmn.authorization.StartAuthorizationTest testIdentityLinks
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.timer.TimeExpressionTest testTimeExpressionWithoutMonth
org.activiti.engine.test.api.variables.VariablesTest testGetVariableInDelegateMixed3
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.end.TerminateEndEventTest testTerminateInExclusiveGatewayWithCallActivity
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.timer.StartTimerEventTest testTimerShouldNotBeRecreatedOnDeploymentCacheReboot
org.activiti.standalone.calendar.AdvancedCycleBusinessCalendarTest testDaylightSavingFallIso
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.signal.SignalEventTest testDuplicateSignalNames
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.compensate.CompensateEventTest testCompensateSubprocess
org.activiti.standalone.calendar.DurationHelperTest daylightSaving25HourDay
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.gateway.InclusiveGatewayTest testAsyncBehavior
org.activiti.engine.test.db.VariableScopeTest testVariableScope
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.timer.IntermediateTimerEventRepeatWithEndTest testRepeatWithEnd
org.activiti.engine.test.api.runtime.ProcessInstanceSuspensionTest testProcessInstanceActiveByDefault
org.activiti.engine.test.api.repository.ModelQueryTest testQueryByCategory
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.gateway.InclusiveGatewayTest testJoinAfterCall
org.activiti.engine.test.db.ProcessInstanceMigrationTest testSetProcessDefinitionVersion
org.activiti.engine.test.api.task.SubTaskQueryTest testQueryExcludeSubtasks
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.ProcessDefinitionEventsTest testTimerStartEventDeployment
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.error.BoundaryErrorEventTest testDeeplyNestedErrorThrown
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.signal.SignalEventTest testSignalStartEventFromAPI
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.TextAnnotationConverterTest connvertXMLToModel
org.activiti.engine.test.api.task.TaskIdentityLinksTest testCustomTypeUserLink
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.ServiceTaskConverterTest connvertXMLToModel
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.timer.StartTimerEventTest testDurationStartTimerEvent
org.activiti.engine.test.db.ProcessInstanceSuspensionTest testJobsNotVisisbleToAcquisitionIfInstanceSuspended
org.activiti.standalone.testing.MockSupportWithActivitiRuleTest testMockedServiceTasksAnnotation
org.activiti.standalone.calendar.DurationHelperTest shouldNotExceedNumberNegative
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.DeploymentEventsTest testDeploymentEvents
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.servicetask.DynamicServiceTaskTest testChangeDelegateExpression
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.multiinstance.MultiInstanceTest testParallelCallActivityHistory
org.activiti.engine.test.api.repository.LaneExtensionTest testLaneExtensionElement
org.activiti.engine.test.regression.RegressionTest testAct1623
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.ErrorThrowingEventListenerTest testThrowErrorDefinedInProcessDefinition
org.activiti.engine.test.api.form.FormServiceTest testGetTaskFormUnexistingTaskId
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.multiinstance.MultiInstanceTest testSequentialMultiInstanceCallActivityWithErrorBoundaryEvent
org.activiti.standalone.calendar.AdvancedCycleBusinessCalendarTest testIsoString
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.gateway.InclusiveGatewayTest testSkipExpression
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.multiinstance.MultiInstanceTest testNestedParallelCallActivityCompletionCondition
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.gateway.EventBasedGatewayTest testCatchSignalAndMessageAndTimer
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.error.BoundaryErrorEventTest testCatchErrorThrownByJavaDelegateOnEmbeddedSubProcessInduction
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.PoolsConverterTest connvertXMLToModel
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.end.TerminateEndEventTest testTerminateWithCallActivityTerminateAll
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.multiinstance.MultiInstanceTest testParallelUserTasks
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.ActivityEventsTest testActivityTimeOutEventInCallActivity
org.activiti.engine.test.api.repository.ProcessDefinitionSuspensionTest testContinueProcessAfterProcessDefinitionSuspend
org.activiti.engine.test.api.repository.ModelQueryTest testNativeQuery
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.TaskEventsTest testStandaloneTaskEvents
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.async.AsyncExclusiveJobsTest testExclusiveJobs
org.activiti.engine.test.api.task.TaskIdentityLinksTest testCustomLinkGroupLink
org.activiti.engine.test.api.form.FormServiceTest testFormPropertyDetails
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.message.MessageBoundaryEventTest testSingleBoundaryMessageEvent
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.signal.SignalEventTest testSignalWaitOnUserTaskBoundaryEvent
org.activiti.standalone.calendar.DurationHelperTest shouldNotExceedNumberPeriods
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.AttachmentEventsTest testAttachmentEntityEventsOnHistoricTaskDelete
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.error.BoundaryErrorEventTest testUncaughtErrorThrownByJavaDelegateOnServiceTask
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.signal.SignalEventTest testSignalCatchDifferentSignals
org.activiti.standalone.testing.ActivitiTestCaseTest testSimpleProcess
org.activiti.engine.test.api.form.FormServiceTest testGetStartFormByProcessDefinitionId
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.multiinstance.MultiInstanceTest testSequentialSubProcess
org.activiti.engine.test.jobexecutor.AsyncExecutorTest testRegularAsyncExecution
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.multiinstance.MultiInstanceTest testNestedSequentialCallActivity
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.usertask.DynamicUserTaskTest testChangeNameAndDescription
org.activiti.standalone.validation.DefaultProcessValidatorTest testNonExecutableProcessDefinitionWarning
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.MapExceptionConverterTest connvertXMLToModel
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.end.TerminateEndEventTest testTerminateInSubProcessConcurrentMultiInstance2
org.activiti.examples.bpmn.tasklistener.ScriptTaskListenerTest testScriptTaskListener
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.end.TerminateEndEventTest testNestedCallActivitiesTerminateAll
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.subprocess.CallActivityTest testInstantiateChildProcess
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.InCompleteSignalConverterTest convertXMLToModel
org.activiti.engine.test.api.form.FormServiceTest testGetTaskFormKey
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.ProcessInstanceEventsTest testProcessInstanceTerminatedEvents
org.activiti.engine.test.api.task.TaskBatchDeleteTest testDeleteTaskWithChildren
org.activiti.examples.bpmn.shell.ShellTaskTest testOsDetection
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.SubProcessConverterTest convertModelToXML
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.multiinstance.MultiInstanceTest testParallelUserTasksCustomExtensions
org.activiti.engine.test.api.variables.VariablesTest testGetVariables
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.end.TerminateEndEventTest testMiCallActivitySequential
org.activiti.examples.bpmn.shell.ShellTaskTest testEchoShellMac
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.multiinstance.MultiInstanceTest testParallelUserTasksCompletionCondition
org.activiti.engine.test.api.runtime.ProcessInstanceSuspensionTest testTaskSuspendedAfterProcessInstanceSuspension
org.activiti.engine.test.history.HistoricVariableInstanceTest testTwoSubProcessInParallelWithinSubProcess
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.multiinstance.MultiInstanceTest testMultiInstanceCallActivityWithErrorBoundaryEvent
org.activiti.engine.test.api.repository.DeployInvalidXmlTest testDeployNonSchemaConformantXml
org.activiti.standalone.testing.MockSupportWithActivitiTestCaseTest testNoOpServiceTasksAnnotation
org.activiti.engine.test.api.history.ProcessInstanceLogQueryTest testIncludeActivities
org.activiti.engine.test.api.repository.ModelQueryTest testQueryByKey
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.message.MessageStartEventTest testSameMessageNameFails
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.VariableEventsTest testProcessInstanceVariableEventsOnChildExecution
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.SignalThrowingEventListenerTest testThrowSignalDefinedInProcessDefinition
org.activiti.examples.bpmn.shell.ShellTaskTest testEchoShellWindows
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.SimpleConverterTest convertModelToXML
org.activiti.engine.test.db.DatabaseTablePrefixTest testPerformDatabaseSchemaOperationCreate
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.ProcessInstanceEventsTest testProcessCompleted_ParallelGatewayTwoEnds
org.activiti.engine.test.api.task.TaskAndVariablesQueryTest testQueryWithPagingAndVariables
org.activiti.engine.test.api.variables.VariablesTest testGetVariablesLocal
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.ActivityEventsTest testActivitySignalBoundaryEventsOnSubProcess
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.servicetask.DynamicServiceTaskTest testChangeClassName
org.activiti.engine.test.api.runtime.ProcessInstanceIdentityLinksTest testParticipantUserLink
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.multiinstance.MultiInstanceTest testParallelScriptTasksCompletionCondition
org.activiti.engine.test.api.tenant.TenancyTest testSignalAsyncThroughApiTenancy
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.error.BoundaryErrorEventTest testUncaughtErrorOnScriptTaskWithEmptyErrorEventDefinition
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.CommaSplitterTest testOneComaInExpression
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.signal.SignalEventTest testSignalStartEventFromProcesAsync
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.subprocess.transaction.TransactionSubProcessTest testCancelBoundaryNoTransactionFails
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.JobEventsTest testJobEntityEvents
org.activiti.standalone.parsing.BPMNParseHandlerTest testAlterProcessDefinitionKeyWhenDeploying
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.ValuedDataObjectWithExtensionsConverterTest convertModelToXML
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.CommaSplitterTest testOneComa
org.activiti.standalone.calendar.DurationHelperTest daylightSavingFall
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.end.TerminateEndEventTest testTerminateNestedMiSubprocesses
org.activiti.engine.test.cmd.FailedJobRetryCmdTest testFailedServiceTask
org.activiti.standalone.cfg.CustomMybatisMapperTest testSelectTaskColumns
org.activiti.engine.test.cfg.multitenant.MultiTenantProcessEngineTest testStartProcessInstances
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.servicetask.CallServiceInServiceTaskTest testStartProcessFromDelegate
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.signal.SignalEventTest testSignalStartEventFromProcess
org.activiti.engine.test.api.variables.VariablesTest testGetVariableInDelegateMixed2
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.multiinstance.MultiInstanceTest testParallelSubProcessAllAutomatic
org.activiti.standalone.event.EngineEventsTest testEngineEventsTest
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.end.TerminateEndEventTest testTerminateNestedMiSubprocessesTerminateAll4
org.activiti.engine.test.api.tenant.TenancyTest testModelTenancy
org.activiti.engine.test.api.repository.ProcessDefinitionSuspensionTest testSuspendActivateProcessDefinitionByKey
org.activiti.engine.test.api.repository.ModelQueryTest testQueryByNameAndKey
org.activiti.standalone.validation.DefaultProcessValidatorTest testWarningError
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.compensate.CompensateEventTest testMultipleCompensationCatchEventsFails
org.activiti.standalone.jpa.JPAVariableTest testReplaceExistingJPAEntityWithAnotherOfSameType
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.VariableEventsTest testProcessInstanceVariableEventsOnStart
org.activiti.engine.test.api.repository.ModelQueryTest testQueryByVersion
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.error.BoundaryErrorEventTest testCatchErrorThrownByJavaDelegateOnServiceTaskWithErrorCode
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.end.TerminateEndEventTest testTerminateNestedSubprocessesTerminateAll2
org.activiti.engine.test.api.tenant.TenancyTest testGetLatestProcessDefinitionVersionForSameProcessDefinitionKey
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.multiinstance.MultiInstanceTest testMultiInstanceParallelReceiveTask
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.timer.BoundaryTimerEventFullHistoryTest testSetProcessVariablesFromTaskWhenTimerOnTask
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.timer.BoundaryTimerNonInterruptingEventTest testTimerOnConcurrentSubprocess2
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.signal.SignalEventTest testSignalCatchBoundaryWithVariables
org.activiti.engine.test.api.history.HistoricProcessInstanceQueryTest testLocalization
org.activiti.engine.test.api.form.FormPropertyDefaultValueTest testStartFormDefaultValue
org.activiti.engine.test.api.variables.VariablesTest testGetVariableAllVariableFetchingDefault
org.activiti.standalone.calendar.DurationHelperTest daylightSavingFallObservedSecondHour
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.message.MessageStartEventTest testSingleMessageStartEvent
org.activiti.engine.test.history.HistoricVariableInstanceTest testOrderProcessWithCallActivity
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.EmptyModelTest convertModelToXML
org.activiti.standalone.testing.MockSupportWithActivitiTestCaseTest testMockedServiceTaskByIdAnnotation
org.activiti.standalone.event.ProcessDefinitionScopedEventListenerDefinitionTest testProcessDefinitionListenerDefinitionIllegalType
org.activiti.engine.test.api.repository.ModelQueryTest testQueryByInvalidCategoryLike
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.ActivityEventsTest testActivitySignalEvents
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.IntermediateNoneEventTest testIntermediateNoneTimerEvent
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.multiinstance.MultiInstanceTest testParallelScriptTasksHistory
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.error.mapError.BoundaryErrorMapTest testClassDelegateSingleInheritedMap
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.end.TerminateEndEventTest testTerminateWithSubProcess
org.activiti.engine.test.api.repository.ModelQueryTest testNotDeployed
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.end.TerminateEndEventTest testTerminateInCallActivityConcurrentMulitInstanceTerminateALl
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.MessageFlowConverterTest connvertXMLToModel
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.UserTaskConverterTest convertModelToXML
org.activiti.engine.test.pvm.PvmEventScopesTest testTransitionDestroysEventScope
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.JobEventsTest testTimerFiredForTimerStart
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.error.BoundaryErrorEventTest testThrowErrorWithEmptyErrorCode
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.DatabaseEventLoggerTest testStandaloneTaskEvents
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.multiinstance.MultiInstanceTest testSequentialSubProcessEndEvent
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.ProcessDefinitionScopedEventListenerTest testProcessDefinitionScopedListener
org.activiti.engine.test.db.IdGeneratorDataSourceTest testIdGeneratorDataSource
org.activiti.engine.test.api.runtime.ProcessInstanceSuspensionTest testProcessInstanceOperationsFailAfterSuspend
org.activiti.engine.test.api.repository.ProcessDefinitionSuspensionTest testStartProcessInstanceForSuspendedProcessDefinition
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.multiinstance.MultiInstanceTest testEmptyCollectionOnParallelEmbeddedSubprocess
org.activiti.engine.test.api.form.FormServiceTest testInvalidFormKeyReference
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.EventBasedGatewayConverterTest connvertXMLToModel
org.activiti.examples.bpmn.shell.ShellTaskTest testEchoShellLinux
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.error.BoundaryErrorEventTest testCatchErrorOnCallActivity
org.activiti.engine.test.history.HistoricTaskInstanceTest testHistoricTaskInstanceQueryProcessFinished
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.GroupEventsTest testGroupMembershipEvents
org.activiti.standalone.parsing.ChineseConverterTest testConvertXMLToModel
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.ProcessInstanceEventsTest testProcessInstanceTerminatedEvents_callActivity
org.activiti.engine.test.api.repository.DeployInvalidXmlTest testDeployWithMissingWaypointsForSequenceflowInDiagramInterchange
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.error.BoundaryErrorEventTest testCatchErrorOnJavaScriptScriptTask
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.end.TerminateEndEventTest testTerminateInCallActivityConcurrentCallActivity
org.activiti.engine.test.api.repository.ModelQueryTest testQueryByInvalidName
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.SubProcessConverterAutoLayoutTest convertXMLToModel
org.activiti.engine.test.db.ProcessInstanceMigrationTest testSetProcessDefinitionVersionNonExistingPD
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.gateway.InclusiveGatewayTest testJoinAfterSubprocesses
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.end.TerminateEndEventTest testTerminateInSubProcessSequentialConcurrentMultiInstanceTerminateAll
org.activiti.engine.test.api.history.ProcessInstanceLogQueryTest testIncludeTasks
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.OtherToolImportConverterTest connvertXMLToModel
org.activiti.examples.bpmn.usertask.SkipExpressionUserTaskTest testSkipMultipleTasks
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.multiinstance.MultiInstanceTest testSequentialCallActivityWithList
org.activiti.engine.test.api.repository.ProcessDefinitionSuspensionTest testDelayedSuspendMultipleProcessDefinitionsByKey
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.NotExecutableConverterTest connvertXMLToModel
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.multiinstance.MultiInstanceTest testZeroLoopCardinalityOnParallelUserTask
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.error.BoundaryErrorEventTest testCatchErrorOnSequentialMultiInstance
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.multiinstance.MultiInstanceTest testNestedSequentialSubProcess
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.error.BoundaryErrorEventTest testUncaughtErrorOnScriptTask
org.activiti.engine.test.history.HistoricVariableInstanceTest testSimple
org.activiti.engine.test.api.identity.UserEntityTest testSetPicture_pictureShouldBeDeletedWhenNull
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.DataStoreConverterTest connvertXMLToModel
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.signal.SignalEventTest testNoneEndEventAfterSignalInConcurrentProcess
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.message.MessageBoundaryEventTest testDoubleBoundaryMessageEventSameMessageId
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.timer.BoundaryTimerNonInterruptingEventTest testTimerOnConcurrentTasks
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.subprocess.transaction.TransactionSubProcessTest testCancelEndConcurrent
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.usertask.DisabledDefinitionInfoCacheTest testChangeClassName
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.async.AsyncTaskTest testAsyncUserTask
org.activiti.engine.test.api.identity.ProcessInstanceIdentityLinkTest testSetAuthenticatedUserWithNoWaitStates
org.activiti.examples.bpmn.authorization.StartAuthorizationTest testProcessDefinitionList
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.subprocess.transaction.TransactionSubProcessTest testSimpleCaseTxSuccessful
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.servicetask.ServiceTaskVariablesTest testSerializedVariablesThirdAsync
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.usertask.ImportExportTest testConvertXMLToModel
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.timer.StartTimerEventTest testExpressionStartTimerEvent
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.timer.BoundaryTimerNonInterruptingEventTest testTimerOnConcurrentSubprocess
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.multiinstance.MultiInstanceTest testSequentialSubProcessCompletionCondition
org.activiti.engine.test.api.tenant.TenancyTest testDeploymentTenancy
org.activiti.standalone.event.ProcessDefinitionScopedEventListenerDefinitionTest testProcessDefinitionListenerDefinitionError
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.subprocess.transaction.TransactionSubProcessTest testParseWithDI
org.activiti.engine.test.api.runtime.ProcessInstanceSuspensionTest testSignalEventReceivedAfterMultipleProcessInstancesSuspended
org.activiti.engine.test.history.HistoricVariableInstanceTest testParallelNoWaitState
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.error.BoundaryErrorEventTest testCatchErrorOnEmbeddedSubprocess
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.timer.StartTimerEventTest testTimersRecreatedOnDeploymentDeleteWithTenantId
org.activiti.standalone.calendar.DurationHelperTest daylightSavingFallObservedFirstHour
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.subprocess.transaction.TransactionSubProcessTest testCancelEndNoTransactionFails
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.signal.SignalEventTest testSignalDeleteOnRedeploy
org.activiti.engine.test.history.HistoricVariableInstanceTest testParallel
org.activiti.engine.test.regression.ProcessValidationExecutedAfterDeployTest testGetStartFormData
org.activiti.standalone.calendar.DurationHelperTest shouldNotExceedNumber
org.activiti.engine.test.api.repository.ProcessDefinitionSuspensionTest testDelayedSuspendProcessDefinitionIncludingProcessInstances
org.activiti.engine.test.api.history.ProcessInstanceLogQueryAndByteArrayTypeVariableTest testIncludeVariables
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.EmptyModelTest connvertXMLToModel
org.activiti.engine.test.api.repository.ModelQueryTest testModelProperties
org.activiti.engine.test.api.repository.ProcessDefinitionSuspensionTest testJobIsExecutedOnProcessDefinitionSuspend
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.multiinstance.MultiInstanceTest testParallelSubProcessCompletionCondition
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.async.AsyncTaskTest testAsyncEndEvent
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.HistoricActivityEventsTest testHistoricActivityEventDispatched
org.activiti.engine.test.db.ProcessInstanceSuspensionTest testJobsNotVisisbleToAcquisitionIfDefinitionSuspended
org.activiti.engine.test.api.history.ProcessInstanceLogQueryTest testBaseProperties
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.error.BoundaryErrorEventTest testCatchErrorThrownByCallActivityOnSubprocess
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.MessageThrowingEventListenerTest testThrowMessage
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.multiinstance.MultiInstanceTest testParallelSubProcessAllAutomaticCompletionCondition
org.activiti.engine.test.api.variables.VariablesTest testGetVariablesLocal2
org.activiti.engine.test.jobexecutor.AsyncExecutorTest testAsyncScriptExecution
org.activiti.engine.test.db.ProcessInstanceMigrationTest testSetProcessDefinitionVersionSubExecutionsNested
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.servicetask.DynamicServiceTaskTest testChangeExpression
org.activiti.standalone.deploy.CustomDeploymentCacheTest testCustomDeploymentCacheUsed
org.activiti.standalone.cfg.CustomMybatisXMLMapperTest testCustomQueryOrderBy
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.JobEventsTest testJobCanceledEventOnProcessRedeploy
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.ValuedDataObjectConverterTest convertXMLToModel
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.multiinstance.MultiInstanceTest testSequentialSubprocessEmptyCollection
org.activiti.standalone.testing.MockSupportWithActivitiRuleTest testClassDelegateStringMockSupport
org.activiti.engine.test.api.repository.DeployInvalidXmlTest testExternalEntityResolvingTest
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.multiinstance.MultiInstanceTest testNestedSequentialCallActivityWithTimer
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.ActivityEventsTest testActivityTimeOutEvent
org.activiti.engine.test.api.form.FormServiceTest testGetStartFormByIdNullId
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.end.TerminateEndEventTest testTerminateNestedMiSubprocessesTerminateAll3
org.activiti.engine.test.api.repository.ModelQueryTest testQueryByInvalidCategory
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.subprocess.CallActivityTest testInstantiateProcessByMessage
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.message.MessageBoundaryEventTest testBoundaryMessageEventOnSubprocess
org.activiti.engine.test.api.runtime.ProcessInstanceIdentityLinksTest testCustomTypeUserLink
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.end.TerminateEndEventTest testThreeExecutionsArrivingInTerminateEndEvent
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.gateway.InclusiveGatewayTest testDivergingInclusiveGateway
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.multiinstance.MultiInstanceTest testParalellEmptyCollectionWithNonEmptyCollection
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.usertask.TaskDueDateExtensionsTest testRelativeDueDateStringExtension
org.activiti.engine.test.api.repository.ModelQueryTest testQueryByName
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.multiinstance.MultiInstanceTest testSequentialEmptyCollectionWithNonEmptyCollection
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.multiinstance.MultiInstanceTest testNestedParallelSubProcess
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.end.TerminateEndEventTest testTerminateNestedSubprocessesTerminateAll1
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.usertask.DisabledDefinitionInfoCacheTest testChangeFormKey
org.activiti.engine.test.api.runtime.ProcessInstanceUpdateBusinessKeyTest testUpdateExistingBusinessKey
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.JobEventsTest testRepetitionJobEntityEvents
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.signal.SignalEventTest testSignalCatchIntermediate
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.usertask.DynamicUserTaskTest testChangePriorityAndCategory
org.activiti.engine.test.history.HistoricTaskInstanceTest testInvalidSorting
org.activiti.examples.bpmn.usertask.SkipExpressionUserTaskTest test
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.async.AsyncTaskTest testBasicAsyncCallActivity
org.activiti.engine.test.db.VariableScopeTest testVariableNamesScope
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.multiinstance.MultiInstanceTest testExecutionListenersOnMultiInstanceSubprocess
org.activiti.engine.test.api.runtime.ProcessInstanceSuspensionTest testSubmitTaskFormAfterProcessInstanceSuspend
org.activiti.engine.test.api.variables.VariablesTest testGetVariableInDelegateMixed
org.activiti.engine.test.db.MetaDataTest testMetaData
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.ActivityEventsTest testActivityEvents
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.timer.IntermediateTimerEventTest testExpression
org.activiti.engine.test.api.repository.ModelQueryTest testQueryByCategoryLike
org.activiti.engine.test.history.HistoricTaskInstanceTest testDeleteHistoricTaskInstance
org.activiti.engine.test.history.HistoricTaskInstanceTest testVariableUpdateOrderHistoricTaskInstance
org.activiti.standalone.testing.MockSupportWithActivitiRuleTest testMockedServiceTaskByIdAnnotation
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.multiinstance.MultiInstanceTest testParallelSubProcess
org.activiti.engine.test.api.runtime.ProcessInstanceSuspensionTest testJobNotExecutedAfterProcessInstanceSuspend
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.AttachmentEventsTest testAttachmentEntityEvents
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.multiinstance.MultiInstanceTest testParallelUserTasksWithTimer
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.servicetask.ServiceTaskVariablesTest testSerializedVariablesBothAsync
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.timer.StartTimerEventRepeatWithEndTest testCycleDateStartTimerEvent
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.usertask.TaskDueDateExtensionsTest testDueDateExtension
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.error.BoundaryErrorEventTest testErrorThrownByJavaDelegateNotCaughtByOtherEventType
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.message.MessageIntermediateEventTest testSingleIntermediateMessageEvent
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.SignalThrowingEventListenerTest testThrowSignalInRolledbackTransaction
org.activiti.engine.test.api.history.HistoricTaskAndVariablesQueryTest testQueryWithPagingAndVariables
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.signal.SignalEventTest testSignalWithGlobalScope
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.async.AsyncTaskTest testAsyncCallActivity
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.usertask.DynamicUserTaskTest testChangeAssignee
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.end.TerminateEndEventTest testTerminateInSubProcessConcurrentMultiInstance
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.multiinstance.MultiInstanceTest testEmptyCollectionOnSequentialEmbeddedSubprocess
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.multiinstance.MultiInstanceTest testNestedParallelUserTasks
org.activiti.engine.test.db.ProcessInstanceMigrationTest testSetProcessDefinitionVersionEmptyArguments
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.usertask.DynamicUserTaskTest testChangeFormKey
org.activiti.engine.test.concurrency.ConcurrentEngineUsageTest testConcurrentUsage
org.activiti.engine.test.db.ProcessInstanceMigrationTest testSetProcessDefinitionVersionActivityMissing
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.timer.StartTimerEventRepeatWithEndExpressionTest testCycleDateStartTimerEvent
org.activiti.standalone.testing.MockSupportWithActivitiTestCaseTest testNoOpServiceTasksWithIdsAnnotation
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.multiinstance.MultiInstanceTest testParalellEmptyCollection
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.SignalThrowingEventListenerTest testThrowSignal
org.activiti.engine.test.api.history.HistoricTaskAndVariablesQueryTest testWithoutDueDateQuery
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.subprocess.transaction.TransactionSubProcessTest testMultiInstanceTx
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.ScopedConverterTest connvertXMLToModel
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.end.TerminateEndEventTest testTerminateNestedSubprocesses
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.error.BoundaryErrorEventTest testCatchErrorThrownByJavaDelegateOnCallActivity
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.AsyncEndEventConverterTest convertModelToXML
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.end.TerminateEndEventTest testTerminateInCallActivity
org.activiti.standalone.jpa.JPAVariableTest testStoreJPAEntityListAsVariable
org.activiti.engine.test.api.tenant.TenancyTest testProcessDefinitionKeyClashBetweenTenants
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.GroupEventsTest testGroupEntityEvents
org.activiti.standalone.testing.ActivitiRuleJunit4SubclassTest testWaitForJobs
org.activiti.engine.test.api.variables.VariablesTest testGetVariableAllVariableFetchingDisabled
org.activiti.engine.test.api.tenant.TenancyTest testExecutionTenancy
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.timer.StartTimerEventRepeatWithoutEndDateTest testCycleDateStartTimerEvent
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.message.MessageBoundaryEventTest testBoundaryMessageEventOnSubprocessAndInsideSubprocessMultiInstance
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.end.EndEventTest testConcurrentEndOfSameProcess
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.gateway.InclusiveGatewayTest testUnknownVariableInExpression
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.servicetask.CallServiceInServiceTaskTest testMultipleServiceInvocationsFromDelegate
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.OtherToolImportConverterTest convertModelToXML
org.activiti.engine.test.api.runtime.ProcessInstanceSuspensionTest testChildExecutionsSuspendedAfterProcessInstanceSuspend
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.timer.compatibility.IntermediateTimerEventRepeatCompatibilityTest testRepeatWithEnd
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.VariableEventsTest testTaskVariableStandalone
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.ProcessInstanceEventsTest testSubProcessInstanceEvents
org.activiti.standalone.parsing.CustomActivityBehaviorFactoryTest testCustomActivityBehaviorFactory
org.activiti.engine.test.api.repository.ProcessDefinitionSuspensionTest testCannotActivateActiveProcessDefinition
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.error.ErrorEventSubProcessTest testThrowErrorInScriptTaskInsideCallActivitiCatchInTopLevelProcess
org.activiti.standalone.cfg.CustomMybatisXMLMapperTest testSelectTasksByCustomQuery
org.activiti.engine.test.api.task.TaskIdentityLinksTest testCustomIdentityLink
org.activiti.engine.test.history.HistoricVariableInstanceTest testNativeHistoricDetailQuery
org.activiti.engine.test.api.history.ProcessInstanceLogQueryTest testIncludeTasksandComments
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.subprocess.transaction.TransactionSubProcessTest testMultiInstanceTxSuccessful
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.CompleteConverterTest connvertXMLToModel
org.activiti.engine.test.history.HistoricVariableInstanceTest testSimpleNoWaitState
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.gateway.EventBasedGatewayTest testCatchTimerCancelsSignal
org.activiti.engine.test.api.tenant.TenancyTest testSignalThroughApiTenancy
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.message.MessageBoundaryEventTest testBoundaryMessageEventInsideSubprocess
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.error.BoundaryErrorEventTest testCatchErrorOnParallelMultiInstance
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.timer.BoundaryTimerNonInterruptingEventTest testReceiveTaskWithBoundaryTimer
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.ProcessInstanceEventsTest testProcessInstanceCancelledEvents_complete
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.error.BoundaryErrorEventTest testCatchErrorThrownByDelegateExpressionOnServiceTask
org.activiti.engine.test.api.tenant.TenancyTest testProcessDefinitionTenancy
org.activiti.engine.test.db.ProcessInstanceMigrationTest testSetProcessDefinitionVersionNonExistingPI
org.activiti.standalone.calendar.DurationHelperTest daylightSaving23HourDayEurope
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.multiinstance.MultiInstanceTest testMultiInstanceSequentialReceiveTask
org.activiti.engine.test.api.runtime.ProcessInstanceSuspensionTest testCannotActivateActiveProcessInstance
org.activiti.engine.test.api.form.FormServiceTest testGetStartFormByProcessDefinitionIdWithoutStartform
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.TaskEventsTest testDeleteEventDoesNotDispathComplete
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.compensate.CompensateEventTest testCompensationStepEndTimeRecorded
org.activiti.engine.test.api.form.FormServiceTest testFormPropertyHandling
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.usertask.DynamicUserTaskTest testChangeOwner
org.activiti.engine.test.api.runtime.ProcessInstanceSuspensionTest testCannotSuspendSuspendedProcessInstance
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.timer.StartTimerEventTest testVersionUpgradeShouldCancelJobs
org.activiti.engine.test.api.nonpublic.EventSubscriptionQueryTest testQueryByExecutionId
org.activiti.engine.test.api.repository.ProcessDefinitionSuspensionTest testQueryForActiveDefinitions
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.error.ErrorEventSubProcessTest testErrorCodeTakesPrecedence
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.CustomExtensionsConverterTest convertModelToXML
org.activiti.engine.test.api.repository.ModelQueryTest testByDeploymentId
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.timer.TimeExpressionTest testTimeExpressionWithoutMinutes
org.activiti.standalone.calendar.DurationHelperTest daylightSaving23HourDay
org.activiti.engine.test.history.HistoricTaskInstanceTest testHistoricTaskInstance
org.activiti.engine.test.cache.ProcessDefinitionInfoCacheTest testStartProcessInstanceByIdAfterReboot
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.message.MessageStartEventTest testDeploymentCreatesSubscriptions
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.end.TerminateEndEventTest testTerminateInCallActivityConcurrentMulitInstance
org.activiti.engine.test.cfg.RetryInterceptorTest testRetryInterceptor
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.VariableEventsTest testTaskVariableEventsWithinProcess
org.activiti.engine.test.api.runtime.ProcessInstanceUpdateBusinessKeyTest testProcessInstanceUpdateBusinessKey
org.activiti.engine.test.api.repository.ProcessDefinitionCategoryTest testSetProcessDefinitionCategory
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.multiinstance.MultiInstanceTest testNestedSequentialSubProcessWithTimer
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.error.BoundaryErrorEventTest testCatchErrorThrownByJavaDelegateOnMultiInstanceServiceTaskSequential
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.ProcessInstanceEventsTest testProcessInstanceCancelledEvents_cancell
org.activiti.engine.test.history.HistoricVariableInstanceTest testHistoricVariableInstanceQuery
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.ActivityEventsTest testActivitySignalBoundaryEventsOnUserTask
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.usertask.DynamicUserTaskTest testChangeFormKeyWithExpression
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.multiinstance.MultiInstanceTest testSequentialUserTasksCompletionCondition
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.ProcessInstanceEventsTest testProcessCompleted_ParallelGatewayNoEnd
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.error.BoundaryErrorEventTest testCatchErrorInConcurrentEmbeddedSubprocesses
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.MapExceptionConverterTest testMapExceptionWithNoErrorCode
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.end.TerminateEndEventTest testTerminateNestedMiSubprocessesTerminateAll2
org.activiti.engine.test.jobexecutor.AsyncExecutorTest testAsyncFailingScript
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.message.MessageIntermediateEventTest testConcurrentIntermediateMessageEvent
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.gateway.InclusiveGatewayTest testPartialMergingInclusiveGateway
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.error.BoundaryErrorEventTest testCatchErrorThrownByExpressionOnServiceTask
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.gateway.InclusiveGatewayTest testMergingInclusiveGateway
org.activiti.engine.test.api.form.FormServiceTest testTaskFormPropertyDefaultsAndFormRendering
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.error.ErrorEventSubProcessTest testCatchErrorThrownByScriptTaskInEmbeddedSubProcess
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.CommaSplitterTest testCommaAtStart
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.exclusive.ExclusiveTaskTest testExclusiveService
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.MapExceptionConverterTest testMapExceptionWithInvalidHasChildren
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.multiinstance.MultiInstanceTest testSequentialScriptTasks
org.activiti.standalone.validation.DisabledSchemaValidationTest testDisableValidation
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.timer.StartTimerEventTest testCycleWithLimitStartTimerEvent
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.multiinstance.MultiInstanceTest testNestedParallelCallActivity
org.activiti.standalone.testing.MockSupportWithActivitiTestCaseTest testMockedServiceTaskAnnotation
org.activiti.engine.test.db.ProcessInstanceSuspensionTest testSuspendedProcessTimerExecution
org.activiti.engine.test.cache.ProcessDefinitionInfoCacheTest testDeployRevisedProcessAfterDeleteOnOtherProcessEngine
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.message.MessageNonInterruptingBoundaryEventTest testSingleNonInterruptingBoundaryMessageEvent
org.activiti.engine.test.history.HistoricTaskInstanceTest testHistoricTaskInstanceQuerySorting
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.SubProcessConverterAutoLayoutTest convertModelToXML
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.ProcessInstanceEventsTest testProcessCompleted_StartEnd
org.activiti.engine.test.api.history.HistoricTaskAndVariablesQueryTest testOrQuery
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.message.MessageBoundaryEventTest testSingleBoundaryMessageEventWithBoundaryTimerEvent
org.activiti.engine.test.api.tenant.TenancyTest testHistoryTenancy
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.ProcessInstanceEventsTest testProcessInstanceEvents
org.activiti.engine.test.api.tenant.TenancyTest testSignalFromProcessTenancy
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.DataStoreConverterTest convertModelToXML
org.activiti.engine.test.api.nonpublic.EventSubscriptionQueryTest testQueryByEventName
org.activiti.standalone.calendar.AdvancedCycleBusinessCalendarTest testLegacyCronString
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.error.BoundaryErrorEventTest testDeeplyNestedErrorThrownOnlyAutomaticSteps
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.timer.IntermediateTimerEventTest testCatchingTimerEvent
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.gateway.InclusiveGatewayTest testDecideBasedOnBeanMethod
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.message.MessageStartEventTest testUpdateProcessVersionCancelsSubscriptions
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.gateway.InclusiveGatewayTest testParentActivationOnNonJoiningEnd
org.activiti.engine.test.history.HistoricTaskInstanceTest testHistoricIdentityLinksOnTask
org.activiti.engine.test.api.repository.ProcessDefinitionSuspensionTest testSuspendActivateProcessDefinitionById
org.activiti.engine.test.db.DuplicateVariableInsertTest testDuplicateVariableInsertOnExecution
org.activiti.engine.test.api.history.HistoricTaskAndVariablesQueryTest testQuery
org.activiti.engine.test.history.HistoricTaskInstanceUpdateTest testHistoricTaskInstanceUpdate
org.activiti.engine.test.api.form.FormServiceTest testFormPropertyExpression
org.activiti.standalone.testing.MockSupportWithActivitiRuleTest testNoOpServiceTasksWithIdsAnnotation
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.ScopedConverterTest convertModelToXML
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.DataObjectConverterTest convertModelToXML
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.multiinstance.MultiInstanceTest testNestedParallelCallActivityWithTimer
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.signal.SignalEventTest testUseSignalForExceptionsBetweenParallelPaths
org.activiti.engine.test.api.task.TaskBatchDeleteTest testDeleteCancelledMultiInstanceTasks
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.exclusive.ExclusiveTaskTest testNonExclusiveService
org.activiti.engine.test.api.repository.DeployInvalidXmlTest testProcessEngineDenialOfServiceAttackUsingUnsafeXmlTest
org.activiti.engine.test.api.task.SubTaskQueryTest testQueryByAssigneeExcludeSubtasksOrderedAndPaginated
org.activiti.engine.test.api.history.HistoricProcessInstanceAndVariablesQueryTest testQuery
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.signal.SignalEventTest testSignalNoId
org.activiti.engine.test.api.task.TaskIdentityLinksTest testDeleteAssignee
org.activiti.standalone.rules.RulesDeployerTest testRulesDeployment
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.DatabaseEventLoggerTest testDatabaseEventsNoTenant
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.signal.SignalEventTest testEarlyFinishedProcess
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.EncodingConverterTest convertModelToXML
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.error.BoundaryErrorEventTest testCatchErrorThrownByCallActivityOnCallActivity
org.activiti.engine.test.api.tenant.TenancyTest testJobTenancyAfterTenantChange
org.activiti.engine.test.api.repository.ProcessDefinitionSuspensionTest testQueryForSuspendedDefinitions
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.signal.SignalEventTest testSignalStartEventFromAPIAsync
org.activiti.standalone.idgenerator.UuidGeneratorTest testUuidGeneratorUsage
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.ProcessInstanceEventsTest testProcessInstanceCancelledEvents_cancelProcessHierarchy
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.MessageFlowConverterTest convertModelToXML
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.ActivityEventsTest testActivityTimeOutEventInSubProcess
org.activiti.engine.test.api.task.DelegateTaskTest testChangeCategoryInDelegateTask
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.timer.StartTimerEventTest testCycleDateStartTimerEvent
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.TextAnnotationConverterTest convertModelToXML
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.multiinstance.MultiInstanceTest testAct901
org.activiti.engine.test.api.task.SubTaskQueryTest testQueryExcludeSubtasksSorted
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.end.TerminateEndEventTest testTerminateInSubProcessSequentialConcurrentMultiInstance
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.end.TerminateEndEventTest testTerminateInCallActivityConcurrent
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.SubProcessWithExtensionsConverterTest convertXMLToModel
org.activiti.engine.test.api.form.FormServiceTest testGetTaskFormNullTaskId
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.JobEventsTest testJobEntityEventsException
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.multiinstance.MultiInstanceTest testSequentialScriptTasksHistory
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.end.TerminateEndEventTest testTerminateInSubProcessConcurrent
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.MessageConverterTest convertModelToXML
org.activiti.standalone.cfg.CustomMybatisXMLMapperTest testCustomQueryListPage
org.activiti.standalone.calendar.DurationHelperTest daylightSaving25HourDayEurope
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.FormPropertiesConverterTest doubleConversionValidation
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.error.BoundaryErrorEventTest testCatchErrorInConcurrentEmbeddedSubprocessesThrownByScriptTask
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.multiinstance.MultiInstanceTest testSequentialUserTasksCustomExtensions
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.ProcessInstanceEventsTest testProcessInstanceTerminatedEvents_terminateInParentProcess
org.activiti.engine.test.api.runtime.ProcessInstanceCommentTest testAddCommentToProcessInstance
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.multiinstance.MultiInstanceTest testSequentialCallActivityWithTimer
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.SubProcessConverterTest connvertXMLToModel
org.activiti.engine.test.api.tenant.TenancyTest testProcessInstanceTenancy
org.activiti.engine.test.api.history.HistoricProcessInstanceAndVariablesQueryTest testOrQuery
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.end.TerminateEndEventTest testProcessTerminate
org.activiti.standalone.jpa.JPAVariableTest testQueryJPAVariable
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.TaskEventsTest testTaskAssignmentEventInProcess
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.async.AsyncEmailTaskTest testSimpleTextMail
org.activiti.engine.test.api.repository.ProcessDefinitionSuspensionTest testDelayedActivateProcessDefinition
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.parallel.ParallelTest testParallel
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.multiinstance.MultiInstanceTest testMultiInstanceParalelReceiveTaskWithTimer
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.exclusive.ExclusiveTimerEventTest testCatchingTimerEvent
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.UserTaskConverterTest connvertXMLToModel
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.usertask.TaskPriorityExtensionsTest testPriorityExtensionString
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.ActivityEventsTest testActivityMessageEventsInEventSubprocess
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.end.TerminateEndEventTest testParseTerminateEndEventDefinitionWithExtensions
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.multiinstance.MultiInstanceTest testSequentialServiceTaskWithClassAndCollection
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.async.AsyncTaskTest testAsyncServiceSubProcessTimer
org.activiti.engine.test.api.runtime.ProcessInstanceSuspensionTest testTaskQueryAfterProcessInstanceSuspend
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.compensate.CompensateEventTest testCallActivityCompensationHandler
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.usertask.DynamicUserTaskTest testChangeCandidateGroups
org.activiti.engine.test.api.repository.DeploymentCategoryTest testDeploymentCategory
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.async.AsyncTaskTest testFailingAsyncServiceTimer
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.ActivityEventsTest testActivitySignalEventsWithinProcess
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.multiinstance.MultiInstanceTest testNestedMultiInstanceTasks
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.error.BoundaryErrorEventTest testCatchErrorThrownByJavaDelegateOnServiceTaskNotCancelActivity
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.CommaSplitterTest testNoComma
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.servicetask.CallServiceInServiceTaskTest testRollBackOnException
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.end.TerminateEndEventTest testTerminateNestedMiSubprocessesSequential
org.activiti.standalone.calendar.DurationHelperTest daylightSavingFallSecondHour
org.activiti.engine.test.jobexecutor.AsyncExecutorTest testAsyncScriptExecutionOnTwoEngines
org.activiti.standalone.testing.MockSupportWithActivitiRuleTest testMockedServiceTaskAnnotation
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.timer.TimeExpressionTest testTimeExpressionComplete
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.end.TerminateEndEventTest testTerminateNestedMiSubprocessesTerminateAll1
org.activiti.engine.test.api.task.DelegateTaskTest testGetCandidates
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.message.MessageStartEventTest testMessageStartEventAndNoneStartEvent
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.timer.BoundaryTimerNonInterruptingEventTest testMultipleTimersOnUserTask
org.activiti.engine.test.history.HistoricVariableInstanceTest testHistoricProcessVariableOnDeletion
org.activiti.examples.bpmn.authorization.StartAuthorizationTest testAddAndRemoveIdentityLinks
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.multiinstance.MultiInstanceTest testEmptyCollectionOnParallelUserTask
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.error.mapError.BoundaryErrorMapTest testClassDelegateSingleDirectMapNotMachingException
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.SignalThrowingEventListenerTest testThrowSignalInterrupting
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.message.MessageStartEventTest testSameMessageNameInSameProcessFails
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.EventListenerConverterTest connvertXMLToModel
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.parse.BpmnParseTest testParseWithBpmnNamespacePrefix
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.MessageThrowingEventListenerTest testThrowMessageDefinedInProcessDefinition
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.end.TerminateEndEventTest testTerminateInSubProcessWithBoundaryTerminateAll
org.activiti.engine.test.api.form.FormServiceTest testGetTaskFormKeyWithExpression
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.gateway.InclusiveGatewayTest testInvalidMethodExpression
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.timer.IntermediateTimerEventTest testTimerEventWithStartAndDuration
org.activiti.engine.test.api.repository.ModelQueryTest testByInvalidDeploymentId
org.activiti.engine.test.api.runtime.ProcessInstanceIdentityLinksTest testCustomLinkGroupLink
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.CustomNamespaceAttributeConverterTest convertModelToXML
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.error.mapError.BoundaryErrorMapTest testSeqMultInstanceSingleDirectMap
org.activiti.engine.test.api.repository.ProcessDefinitionSuspensionTest testSuspendProcessInstancesDuringProcessDefinitionSuspend
org.activiti.engine.test.api.form.FormServiceTest testGetStartFormByIdUnexistingProcessDefinitionId
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.VariableEventsTest testStartEndProcessInstanceVariableEvents
org.activiti.standalone.calendar.DurationHelperTest daylightSavingSpringObserved
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.error.mapError.BoundaryErrorMapTest testSubProcessSingleDirectMap
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.multiinstance.MultiInstanceTest testNestedParallelSubProcessWithTimer
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.signal.SignalEventTest testSignalCatchIntermediateAsynch
org.activiti.engine.test.api.tenant.TenancyTest testSuspendProcessDefinitionTenancy
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.timer.BoundaryTimerNonInterruptingEventTest testJoin
org.activiti.engine.test.cache.ProcessDefinitionCacheTest testDeployRevisedProcessAfterDeleteOnOtherProcessEngine
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.async.AsyncTaskTest testAsyncServiceSubProcess
org.activiti.engine.test.api.runtime.ProcessInstanceSuspensionTest testSignalEventReceivedAfterProcessInstanceSuspended
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.async.AsyncTaskTest testMultiInstanceAsyncTask
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.multiinstance.MultiInstanceTest testSequentialUserTasks
org.activiti.standalone.calendar.DurationHelperTest daylightSavingSpring
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.timer.StartTimerEventTest testFixedDateStartTimerEvent
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.MapExceptionConverterTest testMapExceptionWithNoExceptionClass
org.activiti.engine.test.cache.ProcessDefinitionCacheTest testStartProcessInstanceByIdAfterReboot
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.multiinstance.MultiInstanceTest testParallelUserTasksExecutionAndTaskListeners
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.ProcessInstanceEventsTest testProcessCompletedEvents_callActivityErrorEndEvent
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.error.BoundaryErrorEventTest testCatchErrorOnEmbeddedSubprocessWithEmptyErrorCode
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.subprocess.transaction.TransactionSubProcessTest testNestedCancelOuter
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.ErrorThrowingEventListenerTest testThrowError
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.signal.SignalEventTest testNoSignalName
org.activiti.standalone.calendar.AdvancedCycleBusinessCalendarTest testLegacyIsoString
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.compensate.CompensateEventTest testCompensateMiSubprocess
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.ValuedDataObjectConverterTest convertModelToXML
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.SubProcessWithExtensionsConverterTest convertModelToXML
org.activiti.engine.test.api.runtime.ProcessInstanceSuspensionTest testTaskOperationsFailAfterProcessInstanceSuspend
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.async.AsyncTaskTest testAsyncTask
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.JobEventsTest testJobCanceledEventByManagementService
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.timer.BoundaryTimerNonInterruptingEventTest testTimerWithCycle
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.subprocess.transaction.TransactionSubProcessTest testNestedCancelInner
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.CommaSplitterTest testOManyComaInExpression
org.activiti.engine.test.api.tenant.TenancyTest testChangeDeploymentIdWithClash
org.activiti.standalone.calendar.CycleBusinessCalendarTest testSimpleCron
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.multiinstance.MultiInstanceTest testSequentialSubProcessWithTimer
org.activiti.standalone.testing.ActivitiRuleJunit4SubclassTest ruleUsageExample
org.activiti.engine.test.history.HistoricVariableInstanceTest testRestrictByExecutionId
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.async.AsyncTaskTest testAsyncServiceListeners
org.activiti.engine.test.api.repository.ProcessDefinitionSuspensionTest testDelayedSuspendProcessDefinition
org.activiti.engine.test.api.runtime.ProcessInstanceSuspensionTest testSuspendActivateProcessInstance
org.activiti.standalone.cfg.CustomMybatisMapperTest testFetchTaskWithSpecificVariable
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.compensate.CompensateEventTest testInvalidActivityRefFails
org.activiti.engine.test.api.history.ProcessInstanceLogQueryTest testIncludeComments
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.CallActivityConverterTest connvertXMLToModel
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.VariableEventsTest testProcessInstanceVariableEvents
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.multiinstance.MultiInstanceTest testSequentialEmptyCollection
org.activiti.engine.test.db.ProcessInstanceMigrationTest testSetProcessDefinitionVersionPIIsSubExecution
org.activiti.engine.test.concurrency.CompetingJobAcquisitionTest testCompetingJobAcquisitions
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.multiinstance.MultiInstanceTest testSequentialCallActivity
org.activiti.engine.test.api.identity.UserEntityTest testSetPicture_pictureShouldBeSavedWhenNotNull
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.DataObjectConverterTest convertXMLToModel
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.VariableEventsTest testTaskVariableEvents
org.activiti.engine.test.db.ProcessInstanceMigrationTest testSetProcessDefinitionVersionSubExecutions
org.activiti.engine.test.api.task.TaskIdentityLinksTest testDeleteCandidateUser
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.multiinstance.MultiInstanceTest testParallelSubProcessWithTimer
org.activiti.engine.test.api.repository.ModelQueryTest testKeyAndLatest
org.activiti.standalone.history.BulkDeleteNoHistoryTest testLargeAmountOfVariableBulkDelete
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.MessageThrowingEventListenerTest testThrowMessageInterrupting
org.activiti.standalone.calendar.CycleBusinessCalendarTest testSimpleDuration
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.gateway.EventBasedGatewayTest testCatchSignalCancelsTimer
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.signal.SignalEventTest testNonInterruptingSignal
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.end.TerminateEndEventTest testTerminateInSubProcessWithBoundary
org.activiti.engine.test.api.event.CommentEventsTest testCommentEntityEventsStandaloneTask
org.activiti.engine.test.api.task.TaskIdentityLinksTest testCandidateGroupLink
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.CompleteConverterTest convertModelToXML
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.parse.BpmnParseTest testParseDiagramInterchangeElements
org.activiti.standalone.testing.MockSupportWithActivitiTestCaseTest testClassDelegateMockSupport
org.activiti.engine.test.api.task.SubTaskTest testSubTaskDeleteOnProcessInstanceDelete
org.activiti.editor.language.xml.MessageConverterTest connvertXMLToModel
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.error.ErrorEventSubProcessTest testCatchErrorThrownByScriptTaskInEmbeddedSubProcessWithErrorCode
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.error.BoundaryErrorEventTest testUncaughtErrorThrownByJavaDelegateOnCallActivity
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.multiinstance.MultiInstanceTest testParallelScriptTasks
org.activiti.standalone.testing.ActivitiRuleJunit4Test ruleUsageExample
org.activiti.engine.test.bpmn.event.signal.SignalEventTest testSignalNoRef
10039 2 0
17535 0 0
23691 2 0
12510 1 1782
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.coding.ModifiedControlVariableCheckTest testModifiedControlVariable
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.MainTest testNonExistingClass
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.grammars.MultiDimensionalArraysInGenericsTest testCanParse
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.JavadocUtilsTest testEmptyJavadocCommentAst
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.SuppressWarningsCheckTest testCompactAll
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.MainTest testListFilesNotFile
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.AnnotationUtilityTest testContainsAnnotationNull2
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.CommonUtilsTest testLoadSuppressionsURISyntaxException
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.CommonUtilsTest testRelativeNormalizedPathWithDenormalizedBaseDirectory
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.api.LocalizedMessageTest testEnforceEnglishLanguageBySettingUnitedStatesLocale
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.regexp.RegexpCheckTest testMessagePropertyBad
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.SuppressWarningsHolderTest testEmptyAnnotation
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.api.LocalizedMessageTest testMessageInEnglish
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.imports.AvoidStarImportCheckTest testGetAcceptableTokens
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.XDocsPagesTest testAllXmlExamples
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.TreeWalkerTest testProcessNonJavaFiles
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.MissingDeprecatedCheckTest testGetRequiredTokens
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.CommonUtilsTest testClose
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.MainTest testVersionPrint
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.SuppressWarningsCheckTest testUncheckedInConstant
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.regexp.RegexpCheckTest testIgnoreCommentsCppStyle
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.SuppressWarningsCheckTest testCompactNoUncheckedUnusedAll
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.TokenUtilsTest testIsProperUtilsClass
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.filters.SuppressionFilterTest testEqualsAndHashCode
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.CommonUtilsTest testIsProperUtilsClass
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.AnnotationLocationCheckTest testWithParameters
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.MissingDeprecatedCheckTest testBadDeprecatedJavadoc
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.grammars.java8.DefaultMethodsTest testSwitch
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.modifier.RedundantModifierCheckTest testInnerTypeInInterfaceIsImplicitlyStatic
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.AllChecksTest testAllCheckstyleModulesHaveXdocDocumentation
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.TreeWalkerTest testDestroyNonExistingCache
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.api.LineColumnTest testCompareToBothEqual
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.whitespace.WhitespaceAroundCheckTest testEmptyTypes
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.DefaultLoggerTest testCtor
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.AnnotationUtilityTest testContainsAnnotationFalse
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.MainTest testExistingTargetFileXmlOutput
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.XDocsPagesTest testAllChecksPresentOnAvailableChecksPage
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.SuppressWarningsHolderTest testGetRequiredTokens
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.ScopeUtilsTest testInEnumBlockInClass
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.whitespace.WhitespaceAroundCheckTest testEmptyLoops
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.JavadocTagInfoTest testCoverage
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.AbstractTypeAwareCheckTest testWithoutLogErrors
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.whitespace.WhitespaceAroundCheckTest testDoWhileWhitespaceAround
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.CommonUtilsTest testInvokeConstructorThatFails
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.regexp.RegexpCheckTest testGetRequiredTokens
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.CheckUtilsTest testParseDoubleWithIncorrectToken
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.blocks.EmptyCatchBlockCheckTest testWithUserSetValues
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.regexp.RegexpCheckTest testIgnoreCaseTrue
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.api.LocalizedMessageTest testBundleReloadUrlNotNullStreamNull
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.regexp.RegexpCheckTest testIgnoreCommentsCStyle
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.indentation.CommentsIndentationCheckTest testNpe
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.SuppressWarningsCheckTest testSingleNoUncheckedTokens
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.grammars.javadoc.JavadocParseTreeTest mixedCaseOfHtmlTags
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.JavadocUtilsTest testGetTokenNameForInvalidId
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.SuppressWarningsHolderTest testGetAnnotationValuesWrongArg
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.whitespace.WhitespaceAroundCheckTest testIt
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.MainTest testNoConfigSpecified
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.indentation.CommentsIndentationCheckTest testSurroundingCode
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.doclets.TokenTypesDocletTest testIsProperUtilsClass
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.imports.AvoidStaticImportCheckTest testMemberExcludes
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.SuppressWarningsHolderTest testSetAliasListCorrect
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.CheckUtilsTest testEquals
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.header.RegexpHeaderCheckTest testEmptyFilename
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.CheckUtilsTest testIsProperUtilsClass
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.JavadocUtilsTest testGetTokenNameForLargeId
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.ScopeUtilsTest testIsOuterMostTypeEnum
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.api.LineColumnTest testCompareToFirstSmaller
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.api.SeverityLevelCounterTest testCtorException
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.grammars.javadoc.JavadocParseTreeTest docRootInheritDoc
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.AnnotationUtilityTest testAnnotationNull2
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.MainTest testExistingTargetFilePlainOutput
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.JavadocTagInfoTest testSerialField
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.imports.AvoidStarImportCheckTest testAllowClassImports
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.PropertyCacheFileTest testNonAccessibleFile
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.imports.AvoidStarImportCheckTest testDefaultOperation
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.api.CheckTest testGetRequiredTokens
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.regexp.RegexpCheckTest testIgnoreCommentsFalseCppStyle
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.regexp.RegexpCheckTest testIgnoreCommentsMultiLine
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.JavadocUtilsTest testEmptyBlockCommentAst
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.SuppressWarningsCheckTest testWorkingProperlyOnComplexAnnotations
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.modifier.RedundantModifierCheckTest testGetAcceptableTokens
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.grammars.javadoc.JavadocParseTreeTest listWithUnclosedItemInUnclosedParagraph
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.JavadocTagInfoTest testOthers
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.SuppressWarningsCheckTest testCompactNoUnchecked
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.grammars.javadoc.JavadocParseTreeTest oneSimpleHtmlTag
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.MainTest testExistingTargetFilePlainOutputToFile
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.modifier.RedundantModifierCheckTest testClassesInsideOfInterfaces
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.AllChecksTest testAllChecksWithDefaultConfiguration
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.modifier.RedundantModifierCheckTest testNestedClassConsInPublicInterfaceHasValidPublicModifier
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.CommonUtilsTest testBaseClassNameForSimpleName
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.naming.ClassTypeParameterNameCheckTest testGetAcceptableTokens
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.SuppressWarningsCheckTest testSingleNoUnchecked
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.grammars.javadoc.JavadocParseTreeTest since
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.AbstractJavadocCheckTest testCustomTag
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.SingleLineJavadocCheckTest testIgnoredTags
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.JavadocTagInfoTest testSerial
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.SuppressWarningsCheckTest testSingleNoUncheckedUnusedAll
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.api.FileContentsTest testCppCommentNotIntersect
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.header.RegexpHeaderCheckTest testRegexpHeaderMulti1
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.regexp.RegexpCheckTest testIgnoreCaseFalse
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.AnnotationUtilityTest testContainsAnnotationFalse2
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.MainTest testExistingTargetFileWithViolations
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.AnnotationUseStyleCheckTest testCommaAlwaysNoViolations
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.TokenUtilsTest testGetIntFromAccessibleField
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.api.LocalizedMessageTest testBundleReloadUrlNotNull
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.JavadocTagInfoTest testParam
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.AbstractJavadocCheckTest testParsingErrors
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.MainTest testListFilesDirectoryWithNull
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.TokenUtilsTest testIsCommentType
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.grammars.comments.CommentsTest testToString
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.MainTest testCreateListenerIllegalStateException
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.whitespace.WhitespaceAroundCheckTest testIgnoreEnhancedForColon
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.SuppressWarningsHolderTest testIsSuppressedWithAllArgument
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.api.FileContentsTest testDeprecatedCtor
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.doclets.TokenTypesDocletTest testNotConstants
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.api.SeverityLevelCounterTest testAddExceptionWarning
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.PackageAnnotationCheckTest testWithoutAnnotation
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.grammars.comments.AllSinglelineCommentsTest testAllBlockComments
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.JavadocUtilsTest testInlineTagMethodRef
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.TreeWalkerTest testImproperFileExtension
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.grammars.java8.DefaultMethodsTest testCanParse
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.TokenUtilsTest testTokenIdIncorrect
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.SuppressWarningsCheckTest testCompactDefault
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.JavadocTagInfoTest testThrows
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.JavadocTagContinuationIndentationCheckTest testCheck
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.naming.ClassTypeParameterNameCheckTest testMethodFooName
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.CommonUtilsTest testBadRegex2
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.AllChecksTest testRequiredTokensAreSubsetOfDefaultTokens
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.regexp.RegexpCheckTest testRequiredNoDuplicatesFail
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.naming.ClassTypeParameterNameCheckTest testInterfaceFooName
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.header.RegexpHeaderCheckTest testRegexpHeaderURL
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.SuppressWarningsHolderTest testCustomAnnotation
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.grammars.comments.CommentsTest testCompareExpectedTreeWithInput2
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.SuppressWarningsCheckTest testExpandedDefault
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.coding.EqualsAvoidNullCheckTest testEqualsWithoutEqualsIgnoreCase
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.MainTest testExistingTargetFilePlainOutputToFileWithoutRwPermissions
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.SuppressWarningsHolderTest testAnnotationInTry
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.CommonUtilsTest testInvokeConstructor
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.CommonUtilsTest testLengthExpandedTabs
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.api.LocalizedMessageTest testEqualsAndHashCode
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.AnnotationUseStyleCheckTest testCommaNeverViolations
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.api.FullIdentTest testNonValidCoordinates
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.TreeWalkerTest testForInvalidCheckImplementation
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.AbstractJavadocCheckTest testCheckReuseAfterParseErrorWithFollowingAntlrErrorInSingleFile
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.AnnotationUtilityTest testContainsAnnotationNull
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.ScopeUtilsTest testIsOuterMostTypeInterface
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.whitespace.WhitespaceAroundCheckTest testIt4
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.SuppressWarningsHolderTest testIsSuppressed
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.header.RegexpHeaderCheckTest testRegexpHeaderIgnore
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.TreeWalkerTest testCacheFile
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.MainTest testExistingTargetFilePlainOutputProperties
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.ScopeUtilsTest testIsLocalVariableDefCatch
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.grammars.javadoc.JavadocParseTreeTest serial
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.doclets.TokenTypesDocletTest testEmptyJavadoc
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.SingleLineJavadocCheckTest simpleTest
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.CommonUtilsTest testFileExtensions
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.CommitValidationTest testCommitMessageHasProperStructure
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.indentation.LineSetTest testToStringShowingFirstAndLastLine
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.AllChecksTest testAllCheckstyleModulesInCheckstyleConfig
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.PropertyCacheFileTest testCtor
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.SuppressWarningsCheckTest testValuePairAnnotation
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.header.RegexpHeaderCheckTest testRegexpHeaderMulti6
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.grammars.javadoc.JavadocParseTreeTest fewWhiteSpacesAsSeparator
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.SuppressWarningsCheckTest testExpandedAll
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.grammars.javadoc.JavadocParseTreeTest allJavadocInlineTags
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.modifier.RedundantModifierCheckTest testEnumConstructorIsImplicitlyPrivate
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.TreeWalkerTest testProcessWithParserThrowable
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.AnnotationUseStyleCheckTest testCommaAlwaysViolations
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.grammars.javadoc.JavadocParseTreeTest javadocTagDescriptionWithInlineTags
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.AbstractJavadocCheckTest testWithMultipleChecks
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.modifier.RedundantModifierCheckTest testIt
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.TreeWalkerTest testAcceptableTokens
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.SuppressWarningsHolderTest testAstWithoutChildren
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.SuppressWarningsCheckTest testCompactNoUnWildcard
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.whitespace.WhitespaceAroundCheckTest testGetAcceptableTokens
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.AbstractJavadocCheckTest testAntlrError
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.imports.AvoidStarImportCheckTest testGetRequiredTokens
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.coding.EqualsAvoidNullCheckTest testEqualsWithDefault
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.filters.SuppressionFilterTest testAccept
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.AbstractTypeAwareCheckTest testClassAliasToString
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.api.LocalizedMessageTest testMessageInFrench
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.regexp.RegexpCheckTest testIgnoreCommentsFalseCStyle
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.JavadocTagInfoTest testException
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.grammars.javadoc.JavadocParseTreeTest leadingAsterisks
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.JavadocUtilsTest testTags
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.regexp.RegexpCheckTest testIgnoreCommentsInlineEnd
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.AbstractJavadocCheckTest testNumberFormatException
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.imports.AvoidStarImportCheckTest testExcludes
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.naming.ClassTypeParameterNameCheckTest testMethodDefault
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.JavadocUtilsTest testTagPositions
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.JavadocUtilsTest testGetTokenIdThatIsUnknown
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.TreeWalkerTest testWithCacheWithNoViolation
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.MainTest testExistingDirectoryWithViolations
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.TreeWalkerTest testRequiredTokenIsEmptyIntArray
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.SuppressWarningsCheckTest testExpandedNoUncheckedUnusedAll
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.imports.AvoidStaticImportCheckTest testGetRequiredTokens
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.grammars.javadoc.JavadocParseTreeTest seeReferenceWithFewNestedClasses
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.JavadocTagInfoTest testReturn
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.indentation.CommentsIndentationCheckTest testVisitToken
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.regexp.RegexpCheckTest testRequiredNoDuplicatesPass
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.JavadocUtilsTest testTagType
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.TreeWalkerTest testProcessWithRecognitionException
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.ScopeUtilsTest testIsLocalVariableDefUnexpected
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.JavadocUtilsTest testGetTokenNameForId
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.api.CheckTest testVisitToken
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.AnnotationUseStyleCheckTest testStyleExpanded
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.AbstractJavadocCheckTest testCheckReuseAfterParseErrorWithFollowingAntlrErrorInTwoFiles
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.api.CheckTest testGetAcceptable
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.AnnotationUseStyleCheckTest testStyleCompactNoArray
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.TreeWalkerTest testWithCheckNotHavingTreeWalkerAsParent
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.JavadocTagTest testToString
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.blocks.EmptyCatchBlockCheckTest testGetRequiredTokens
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.whitespace.WhitespaceAroundCheckTest testGenericsTokensAreFlagged
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.JavadocUtilsTest testInlineTagLinkText
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.api.LocalizedMessageTest testBundleReloadUrlNull
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.ScopeUtilsTest testIsProperUtilsClass
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.TokenUtilsTest testTokenValueIncorrect
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.whitespace.WhitespaceAroundCheckTest test1322879And1649038
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.JavadocUtilsTest testIsProperUtilsClass
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.whitespace.WhitespaceAroundCheckTest testIt3
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.XDocsPagesTest testAllCheckSections
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.MainTest testExistingTargetFile
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.header.RegexpHeaderCheckTest testSetHeaderNull
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.regexp.RegexpCheckTest testIgnoreCommentsInlineMiddle
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.api.FileTextTest testUnsupportedCharset
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.AllChecksTest testRequiredTokensAreSubsetOfAcceptableTokens
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.naming.ClassTypeParameterNameCheckTest testInterfaceDefault
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.AnnotationLocationCheckTest testCorrect
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.JavadocNodeImplTest testGetColumnNumber
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.AnnotationLocationCheckTest testIncorrect
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.regexp.RegexpCheckTest testSetDuplicatesTrue
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.AllChecksTest testAllChecksAreReferencedInConfigFile
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.naming.ClassTypeParameterNameCheckTest testGetInterfaceRequiredTokens
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.SuppressWarningsCheckTest testExpandedNoUncheckedUnused
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.api.JavadocTokenTypesTest testIsProperUtilsClass
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.SuppressWarningsHolderTest testGetAllAnnotationValuesWrongArg
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.TokenUtilsTest testGetIntFromInaccessibleField
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.AnnotationUseStyleCheckTest testGetAcceptableTokens
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.doclets.TokenTypesDocletTest testOptionLength
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.naming.ClassTypeParameterNameCheckTest testGetMethodRequiredTokens
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.SingleLineJavadocCheckTest testAcceptableTokens
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.MainTest testWrongArgument
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.grammars.javadoc.JavadocParseTreeTest negativeNumberInAttribute
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.grammars.javadoc.JavadocParseTreeTest paramWithGeneric
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.AbstractTypeAwareCheckTest testClassRegularClass
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.MainTest testExistingTargetFilePlainOutputToNonExistingFile
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.JavadocTagInfoTest testDeprecated
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.header.RegexpHeaderCheckTest testDefaultConfiguration
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.SuppressWarningsHolderTest testGetDefaultAlias
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.CommonUtilsTest testGetExistingConstructor
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.JavadocUtilsTest testEmptyJavadocComment
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.ScopeUtilsTest testIsOuterMostTypeAnnotation
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.grammars.javadoc.JavadocParseTreeTest dollarInLink
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.TokenUtilsTest testShortDescriptionIncorrect
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.imports.AvoidStarImportCheckTest testAllowStaticMemberImports
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.JavadocTagContinuationIndentationCheckTest testFP
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.imports.AvoidStaticImportCheckTest testInnerClassMemberExcludesStar
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.modifier.RedundantModifierCheckTest testStaticMethodInInterface
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.JavadocNodeImplTest testToString
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.api.LocalizedMessageTest testEnforceEnglishLanguageBySettingRootLocale
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.SuppressWarningsCheckTest testExpandedNoUnchecked
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.TreeWalkerTest testSettersForParameters
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.CheckUtilsTest testElseWithCurly
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.regexp.RegexpCheckTest testIgnoreCommentsNoSpaces
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.header.RegexpHeaderCheckTest testSetHeader
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.JavadocTagInfoTest testJavadocTagInfoValueOf
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.doclets.TokenTypesDocletTest testCorrect
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.AnnotationUseStyleCheckTest testTrailingArrayCommaValueOf
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.JavadocTagInfoTest testVersions
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.SuppressWarningsCheckTest testCompactNoUncheckedTokens
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.AnnotationUseStyleCheckTest testEverythingMixed
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.AnnotationLocationCheckTest testGetAcceptableTokens
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.imports.AvoidStaticImportCheckTest testStarExcludes
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.header.RegexpHeaderCheckTest testSetHeaderEmpty
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.AnnotationLocationCheckTest testWithoutAnnotations
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.SingleLineJavadocCheckTest testGetRequiredTokens
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.whitespace.WhitespaceAroundCheckTest testIt2
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.SuppressWarningsCheckTest testSingleNoUncheckedUnused
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.AnnotationUtilityTest testIsProperUtilsClass
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.AnnotationUseStyleCheckTest testParensAlways
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.MainTest testIsProperUtilsClass
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.JavadocTagInfoTest testAuthor
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.ScopeUtilsTest testInEnumBlockInNew
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.AnnotationUtilityTest testAnnotationNull
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.PackageAnnotationCheckTest testGetAcceptableTokens
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.MainTest testNonExistingOutputFormat
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.header.RegexpHeaderCheckTest testRegexpHeaderMulti4
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.SuppressWarningsHolderTest testOnComplexAnnotations
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.grammars.javadoc.JavadocParseTreeTest linkInlineTags
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.AnnotationUseStyleCheckTest testGetOption
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.regexp.RegexpCheckTest testOnFileStartingWithEmptyLine
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.imports.AvoidStaticImportCheckTest testDefaultOperation
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.DefinitionsTest testIsProperUtilsClass
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.regexp.RegexpCheckTest testMessagePropertyGood
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.SuppressWarningsCheckTest testExpandedNoUnWildcard
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.header.RegexpHeaderCheckTest testSetHeaderSimple
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.grammars.javadoc.JavadocParseTreeTest htmlTagsInParagraph
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.grammars.javadoc.JavadocParseTreeTest authorWithMailto
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.SuppressWarningsCheckTest testCompactNoUncheckedUnused
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.api.LineColumnTest testCompareToFirstLarger
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.PackageAnnotationCheckTest testGoodPackageAnnotation
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.AnnotationUseStyleCheckTest testClosingParensValueOf
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.whitespace.WhitespaceAroundCheckTest allowEmptyMethods
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.MainTest testNonExistingConfigFile
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.PropertyCacheFileTest testExceptionNoSuchAlgorithmException
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.AnnotationLocationCheckTest testGetRequiredTokens
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.MainTest testExistingFilePlainOutputToFileWithoutReadAndRwPermissions
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.AbstractTypeAwareCheckTest testWithSuppressLoadErrors
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.AnnotationUtilityTest testAnnotationHolderNull
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.regexp.RegexpCheckTest testRequiredFail
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.MainTest testExistingTargetFileWithError
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.DefaultLoggerTest testCtorWithTwoParameters
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.MissingDeprecatedCheckTest testTwoInJavadocWithoutAnnotation
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.grammars.comments.AllBlockCommentsTest testAllBlockComments
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.modifier.RedundantModifierCheckTest testNestedStaticEnum
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.AnnotationUseStyleCheckTest testStyleCompact
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.coding.EqualsAvoidNullCheckTest testTokensNotNull
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.SuppressWarningsCheckTest testSingleDefault
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.MainTest testLoadPropertiesIOException
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.TreeWalkerTest testCacheFileChangeInConfig
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.JavadocTagInfoTest testTypeValues
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.AnnotationUseStyleCheckTest testAnnotationsWithoutDefaultValues
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.TreeWalkerTest testProperFileExtension
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.regexp.RegexpCheckTest testRequiredPass
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.CommonUtilsTest testBadRegex
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.regexp.RegexpCheckTest testIgnoreCommentsMultipleCStyle
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.CommonUtilsTest testRelativeNormalizedPathWithNullBaseDirectory
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.SuppressWarningsHolderTest testSetAliasListEmpty
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.JavadocTagInfoTest testSerialData
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.indentation.CommentsIndentationCheckTest testTokens
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.api.FileTextTest testSupportedCharset
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.CommonUtilsTest testBaseClassNameForCanonicalName
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.JavadocUtilsTest testBranchContains
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.api.FileContentsTest testCppCommentIntersect
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.grammars.javadoc.JavadocParseTreeTest textBeforeJavadocTags
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.SuppressWarningsHolderTest testAnnotationWithFullName
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.MainTest testExistingTargetFilePlainOutputNonexistingProperties
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.header.RegexpHeaderCheckTest testRegexpHeaderMulti2
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.header.RegexpHeaderCheckTest testRegexpHeaderMulti5
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.naming.ClassTypeParameterNameCheckTest testGetClassRequiredTokens
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.JavadocTagInfoTest testTypeValueOf
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.imports.AvoidStaticImportCheckTest testBogusMemberExcludes
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.naming.ClassTypeParameterNameCheckTest testClassDefault
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.grammars.comments.CommentsTest testCompareExpectedTreeWithInput1
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.CommitValidationTest testCommitMessageHasSingleLine
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.PropertiesExpanderTest testCtorException
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.grammars.javadoc.JavadocParseTreeTest customJavadocTags
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.DefaultConfigurationTest testRemoveChild
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.JavadocUtilsTest testInvalidTags
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.doclets.TokenTypesDocletTest testCheckOptions
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.header.RegexpHeaderCheckTest testInlineRegexpHeader
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.AnnotationUseStyleCheckTest testStyleNotInList
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.ScopeUtilsTest testInEnumBlockInAnnotation
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.AnnotationUtilityTest testContainsAnnotationTrue
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.api.SeverityLevelCounterTest testAddException
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.JavadocTagTest testJavadocTagTypeValues
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.MissingDeprecatedCheckTest testEmptyJavadocLine
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.regexp.RegexpCheckTest testIllegalFailAboveErrorLimit
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.ScopeUtilsTest testInEnumBlockInInterface
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.modifier.RedundantModifierCheckTest testGetRequiredTokens
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.regexp.RegexpCheckTest testIgnoreCommentsInlineStart
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.SuppressWarningsHolderTest testGetAnnotationTargetWrongArg
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.grammars.javadoc.JavadocParseTreeTest unclosedAndClosedParagraphs
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.grammars.javadoc.JavadocParseTreeTest htmlComments
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.JavadocUtilsTest testEmptyBlockComment
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.AllChecksTest testDefaultTokensAreSubsetOfAcceptableTokens
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.modifier.RedundantModifierCheckTest testFinalInInterface
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.SuppressWarningsHolderTest testSetAliasListWrong
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.SuppressWarningsCheckTest testExpandedNoUncheckedTokens
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.TreeWalkerTest testRequiredTokenIsNotInDefaultTokens
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.TokenUtilsTest testTokenValueIncorrect2
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.grammars.javadoc.JavadocParseTreeTest unclosedParagraphFollowedByJavadocTag
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.regexp.RegexpCheckTest testIllegalPass
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.MainTest testCreateListenerWithLocationIllegalStateException
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.api.LineColumnTest testEqualsAndHashCode
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.MissingDeprecatedCheckTest testBadDeprecatedAnnotation
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.CommonUtilsTest testGetNonExistingConstructor
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.ScopeUtilsTest testInEnumOnRoot
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.AnnotationUseStyleCheckTest testParensNever
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.whitespace.WhitespaceAroundCheckTest testGetRequiredTokens
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.CommonUtilsTest testRelativeNormalizedPath
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.AnnotationUseStyleCheckTest testElementStyleValueOf
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.MainTest testExistingIncorrectConfigFile
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.JavadocTagContinuationIndentationCheckTest testCheckWithOffset3
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.MissingDeprecatedCheckTest testGoodDeprecated
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.AbstractTypeAwareCheckTest testIsSubclassWithNulls
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.AnnotationUtilityTest testAnnotationEmpty
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.AnnotationUseStyleCheckTest testCommaNeverNoViolations
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.header.RegexpHeaderCheckTest testRegexpHeaderSmallHeader
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.header.RegexpHeaderCheckTest testEmptyMultiline
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.PropertyCacheFileTest testInCache
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.MissingDeprecatedCheckTest testSpecialCaseDeprecated
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.PackageAnnotationCheckTest testAnnotationNotInPackageInfo
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.header.RegexpHeaderCheckTest testRegexpHeaderMulti3
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.imports.AvoidStaticImportCheckTest testGetAcceptableTokens
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.header.RegexpHeaderCheckTest testRegexpHeaderMulti52
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.modifier.RedundantModifierCheckTest testNotPublicClassConstructorHasNotPublicModifier
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.blocks.EmptyCatchBlockCheckTest testDefault
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.AbstractTypeAwareCheckTest testTokenToString
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.header.RegexpHeaderCheckTest testRegexpHeader
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.SuppressWarningsCheckTest testSingleNoUnWildcard
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.JavadocTagTest testJavadocTagTypeValueOf
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.regexp.RegexpCheckTest testIllegalFailBelowErrorLimit
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.CommonUtilsTest testInvalidPattern
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.SuppressWarningsCheckTest testSingleAll
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.whitespace.WhitespaceAroundCheckTest testSwitchWhitespaceAround
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.JavadocTagContinuationIndentationCheckTest testGetRequiredTokens
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.naming.ClassTypeParameterNameCheckTest testClassFooName
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.MainTest testNonExistingTargetFile
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.blocks.EmptyCatchBlockCheckTest testGetAcceptableTokens
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.AnnotationLocationCheckTest testWithMultipleAnnotations
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.CommonUtilsTest testCloseWithException
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.api.LocalizedMessageTest testGetModuleId
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.TreeWalkerTest testOnEmptyFile
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.header.RegexpHeaderCheckTest testFailureForMultilineRegexp
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
[WARN]Unable to get test session id for test case: com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.ScopeUtilsTest testInEnumBlockWithEnum
[WARN]Count this testcase failed [WARN]Count this testcase failed!
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.MainTest testNonExistingClass
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.blocks.LeftCurlyCheckTest testGetRequiredTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.whitespace.GenericWhitespaceCheckTest testMethodReferences
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.grammars.MultiDimensionalArraysInGenericsTest testCanParse
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.JavadocUtilsTest testEmptyJavadocCommentAst
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.imports.ImportOrderCheckTest testImportOrderOptionValueOf
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.coding.MissingCtorCheckTest testTokensNotNull
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.SuppressWarningsCheckTest testCompactAll
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.MainTest testListFilesNotFile
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.naming.ParameterNameCheckTest testGetAcceptableTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.coding.OverloadMethodsDeclarationOrderCheckTest testTokensNotNull
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.TranslationCheckTest testBaseNameSeparatorDefaultTranslationIsMissing
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.ConfigurationLoaderTest testExternalEntitySubdirectory
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.AnnotationUtilityTest testContainsAnnotationNull2
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.CommonUtilsTest testLoadSuppressionsURISyntaxException
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.modifier.ModifierOrderCheckTest testGetAcceptableTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.CommonUtilsTest testRelativeNormalizedPathWithDenormalizedBaseDirectory
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.api.LocalizedMessageTest testEnforceEnglishLanguageBySettingUnitedStatesLocale
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.whitespace.GenericWhitespaceCheckTest testWrongTokenType
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.indentation.IndentationCheckTest testAnnotations
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.design.InnerTypeLastCheckTest testGetAcceptableTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.XMLLoggerTest testAddErrorOnZeroColumns
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.filters.SuppressElementTest testDecideByFileNameAndModuleMatchingModuleEqual
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.blocks.AvoidNestedBlocksCheckTest testGetAcceptableTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.imports.IllegalImportCheckTest testGetRequiredTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.blocks.NeedBracesCheckTest testSingleLineLambda
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.coding.IllegalTokenTextCheckTest testNullCustomMessage
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.regexp.RegexpCheckTest testMessagePropertyBad
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.MissingOverrideCheckTest testGoodAnnotationOverrideJ5Compatible
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.SuppressWarningsHolderTest testEmptyAnnotation
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.api.LocalizedMessageTest testMessageInEnglish
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.imports.AvoidStarImportCheckTest testGetAcceptableTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.header.HeaderCheckTest testSetHeaderTwice
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.XDocsPagesTest testAllXmlExamples
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.TreeWalkerTest testProcessNonJavaFiles
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.MissingDeprecatedCheckTest testGetRequiredTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.indentation.IndentationCheckTest testLabels
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.JavadocParagraphCheckTest testAllowNewlineParagraph
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.CommonUtilsTest testClose
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.MainTest testVersionPrint
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.coding.SuperCloneCheckTest testAnotherInputFile
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.JavadocStyleCheckTest testGetRequiredTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.SuppressWarningsCheckTest testUncheckedInConstant
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.regexp.RegexpCheckTest testIgnoreCommentsCppStyle
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.metrics.CyclomaticComplexityCheckTest testGetAcceptableTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.design.ThrowsCountCheckTest testNotIgnorePrivateMethod
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.grammars.GeneratedJava14LexerTest testSemicolonBetweenImports
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.SuppressWarningsCheckTest testCompactNoUncheckedUnusedAll
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.coding.MultipleVariableDeclarationsCheckTest testTokensNotNull
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.imports.ImportControlLoaderTest testSafeGetThrowsException
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.coding.InnerAssignmentCheckTest testTokensNotNull
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.TokenUtilsTest testIsProperUtilsClass
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.ClassResolverTest testResolveInnerClassWithEmptyPackage
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.design.FinalClassCheckTest testGetRequiredTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.coding.MultipleStringLiteralsCheckTest testIgnores
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.design.OneTopLevelClassCheckTest testFileWithThreeTopLevelInterface
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.metrics.ClassDataAbstractionCouplingCheckTest testDefaultConfiguration
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.filters.SuppressionFilterTest testEqualsAndHashCode
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.filters.SuppressWithNearbyCommentFilterTest testToStringOfTagClass
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.CommonUtilsTest testIsProperUtilsClass
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.AnnotationLocationCheckTest testWithParameters
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.imports.CustomImportOrderCheckTest testSamePackageDepthZero
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.MissingDeprecatedCheckTest testBadDeprecatedJavadoc
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.grammars.java8.DefaultMethodsTest testSwitch
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.modifier.RedundantModifierCheckTest testInnerTypeInInterfaceIsImplicitlyStatic
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.AllChecksTest testAllCheckstyleModulesHaveXdocDocumentation
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.whitespace.EmptyForIteratorPadCheckTest testGetAcceptableTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.imports.UnusedImportsCheckTest testGetAcceptableTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.TreeWalkerTest testDestroyNonExistingCache
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.coding.ModifiedControlVariableCheckTest testTokensNotNull
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.api.LineColumnTest testCompareToBothEqual
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.coding.HiddenFieldCheckTest testStaticVisibilityFromAnonymousClasses
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.NewlineAtEndOfFileCheckTest testNoNewlineLfAtEndOfFile
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.whitespace.WhitespaceAroundCheckTest testEmptyTypes
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.DefaultLoggerTest testCtor
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.whitespace.EmptyLineSeparatorCheckTest testGetRequiredTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.AnnotationUtilityTest testContainsAnnotationFalse
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.MainTest testExistingTargetFileXmlOutput
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.indentation.IndentationCheckTest forbidCStyle
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.blocks.LeftCurlyCheckTest testIgnoreEnumsOptionTrue
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.imports.ImportOrderCheckTest testVisitTokenSwitchReflection
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.sizes.MethodCountCheckTest testGetAcceptableTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.XDocsPagesTest testAllChecksPresentOnAvailableChecksPage
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.SuppressWarningsHolderTest testGetRequiredTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.ScopeUtilsTest testInEnumBlockInClass
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.api.AutomaticBeanTest testTestBean
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.whitespace.WhitespaceAroundCheckTest testEmptyLoops
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.JavadocTagInfoTest testCoverage
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.JavadocVariableCheckTest testGetRequiredTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.design.VisibilityModifierCheckTest testImmutableSpecifiedSameTypeName
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.naming.StaticVariableNameCheckTest testInterfaceOrAnnotationBlock
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.AbstractTypeAwareCheckTest testWithoutLogErrors
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.whitespace.WhitespaceAroundCheckTest testDoWhileWhitespaceAround
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.JavadocMethodCheckTest testGetAcceptableTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.TranslationCheckTest testIsNotMessagesBundle
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.CommonUtilsTest testInvokeConstructorThatFails
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.ArrayTypeStyleCheckTest testGetRequiredTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.coding.EmptyStatementCheckTest testTokensNotNull
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.filters.SuppressWithNearbyCommentFilterTest testInvalidInfluenceFormat
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.imports.ImportControlCheckTest testUrl
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.naming.AbbreviationAsWordInNameCheckTest testTypeNamesForFivePermittedCapitalLetters
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.regexp.RegexpCheckTest testGetRequiredTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.coding.FinalLocalVariableCheckTest testImproperToken
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.CheckUtilsTest testParseDoubleWithIncorrectToken
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.blocks.EmptyCatchBlockCheckTest testWithUserSetValues
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.regexp.RegexpCheckTest testIgnoreCaseTrue
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.whitespace.EmptyLineSeparatorCheckTest testMultipleEmptyLinesBetweenClassMembers
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.api.LocalizedMessageTest testBundleReloadUrlNotNullStreamNull
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.regexp.RegexpCheckTest testIgnoreCommentsCStyle
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.indentation.CommentsIndentationCheckTest testNpe
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.SuppressWarningsCheckTest testSingleNoUncheckedTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.imports.ImportOrderCheckTest testEclipseDefaultNegative
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.coding.NoCloneCheckTest testTokensNotNull
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.sizes.LineLengthCheckTest testGetRequiredTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.grammars.javadoc.JavadocParseTreeTest mixedCaseOfHtmlTags
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.coding.RequireThisCheckTest testTokensNotNull
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.JavadocUtilsTest testGetTokenNameForInvalidId
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.SuppressWarningsHolderTest testGetAnnotationValuesWrongArg
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.OuterTypeFilenameCheckTest testFinePublic
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.coding.FinalLocalVariableCheckTest testEnhancedForLoopVariableFalse
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.JavadocMethodCheckTest test11684083
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.whitespace.WhitespaceAroundCheckTest testIt
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.imports.ImportOrderCheckTest testEclipseDefaultPositive
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.coding.RequireThisCheckTest testWithAnonymousClass
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.MainTest testNoConfigSpecified
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.imports.CustomImportOrderCheckTest testImportsContainingJava
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.coding.OneStatementPerLineCheckTest testTokensNotNull
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.whitespace.ParenPadCheckTest testConfigureTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.indentation.CommentsIndentationCheckTest testSurroundingCode
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.doclets.TokenTypesDocletTest testIsProperUtilsClass
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.design.InterfaceIsTypeCheckTest testGetRequiredTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.imports.AvoidStaticImportCheckTest testMemberExcludes
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.filters.SuppressWithNearbyCommentFilterTest testUsingTagMessageRegexp
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.WriteTagCheckTest testTagPrintSeverityFalse
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.whitespace.EmptyForInitializerPadCheckTest testWrapOptionValueOf
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.filters.SuppressElementTest testDecideByFileNameAndModuleMatchingModuleNull
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.SuppressWarningsHolderTest testSetAliasListCorrect
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.CheckUtilsTest testEquals
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.header.RegexpHeaderCheckTest testEmptyFilename
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.CheckUtilsTest testIsProperUtilsClass
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.metrics.ClassFanOutComplexityCheckTest testDefaultConfiguration
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.AvoidEscapedUnicodeCharactersCheckTest testGetAcceptableTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.JavadocUtilsTest testGetTokenNameForLargeId
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.ScopeUtilsTest testIsOuterMostTypeEnum
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.api.LineColumnTest testCompareToFirstSmaller
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.coding.IllegalInstantiationCheckTest testJavaLangPackage
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.api.SeverityLevelCounterTest testCtorException
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.UpperEllCheckTest testGetRequiredTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.grammars.javadoc.JavadocParseTreeTest docRootInheritDoc
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.TranslationCheckTest testLogIOException
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.coding.MissingSwitchDefaultCheckTest testTokensNotNull
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.imports.ImportOrderCheckTest testStaticOnDemandGroupsOrder
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.JavadocStyleCheckTest testOnInputWithNoJavadoc
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.api.SeverityLevelTest testMixedCaseSpacesWithDifferentLocales
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.design.VisibilityModifierCheckTest testWrongTokenType
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.AnnotationUtilityTest testAnnotationNull2
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.whitespace.NoWhitespaceAfterCheckTest testNpe
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.MissingOverrideCheckTest testBadOverrideFromObjectJ5Compatible
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.MainTest testExistingTargetFilePlainOutput
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.JavadocTagInfoTest testSerialField
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.regexp.RegexpSinglelineCheckTest testSetMessage
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.coding.MultipleStringLiteralsCheckTest testTokensNotNull
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.imports.AvoidStarImportCheckTest testAllowClassImports
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.PropertyCacheFileTest testNonAccessibleFile
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.coding.ExplicitInitializationCheckTest testTokensNotNull
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.sizes.AnonInnerLengthCheckTest testGetAcceptableTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.sizes.LineLengthCheckTest shouldNotLogLongPackageStatements
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.imports.AvoidStarImportCheckTest testDefaultOperation
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.api.CheckTest testGetRequiredTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.filters.FilterSetTest testGetFilters
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.regexp.RegexpCheckTest testIgnoreCommentsFalseCppStyle
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.regexp.RegexpCheckTest testIgnoreCommentsMultiLine
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.JavadocUtilsTest testEmptyBlockCommentAst
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.design.MutableExceptionCheckTest testGetRequiredTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.imports.ImportOrderCheckTest testStaticGroupsOrderAbove
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.SuppressWarningsCheckTest testWorkingProperlyOnComplexAnnotations
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.modifier.RedundantModifierCheckTest testGetAcceptableTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.grammars.javadoc.JavadocParseTreeTest listWithUnclosedItemInUnclosedParagraph
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.coding.IllegalInstantiationCheckTest testNullClassLoader
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.JavadocTagInfoTest testOthers
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.design.DesignForExtensionCheckTest testGetAcceptableTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.design.OneTopLevelClassCheckTest testGetRequiredTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.SuppressWarningsCheckTest testCompactNoUnchecked
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.naming.MemberNameCheckTest testGetAcceptableTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.grammars.javadoc.JavadocParseTreeTest oneSimpleHtmlTag
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.design.HideUtilityClassConstructorCheckTest testOnlyNonStaticFieldNonUtilClass
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.MainTest testExistingTargetFilePlainOutputToFile
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.design.ThrowsCountCheckTest testGetRequiredTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.whitespace.EmptyLineSeparatorCheckTest testPrePreviousLineEmptiness
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.coding.OneStatementPerLineCheckTest testWithMultilineStatements
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.modifier.RedundantModifierCheckTest testClassesInsideOfInterfaces
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.AllChecksTest testAllChecksWithDefaultConfiguration
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.modifier.RedundantModifierCheckTest testNestedClassConsInPublicInterfaceHasValidPublicModifier
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.header.HeaderCheckTest testNotMatch
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.whitespace.GenericWhitespaceCheckTest testGetAcceptableTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.CommonUtilsTest testBaseClassNameForSimpleName
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.indentation.IndentationCheckTest testInvalidInvalidAnonymousClass
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.naming.ClassTypeParameterNameCheckTest testGetAcceptableTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.NewlineAtEndOfFileCheckTest testNewlineCrAtEndOfFile
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.filters.SuppressionCommentFilterTest testEqualsAndHashCodeOfTagClass
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.SuppressWarningsCheckTest testSingleNoUnchecked
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.grammars.javadoc.JavadocParseTreeTest since
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.AbstractJavadocCheckTest testCustomTag
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.SingleLineJavadocCheckTest testIgnoredTags
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.metrics.BooleanExpressionComplexityCheckTest testNPE
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.JavadocTagInfoTest testSerial
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.SuppressWarningsCheckTest testSingleNoUncheckedUnusedAll
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.indentation.IndentationCheckTest testGetRequiredTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.api.FileContentsTest testCppCommentNotIntersect
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.header.RegexpHeaderCheckTest testRegexpHeaderMulti1
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.imports.GuardTest testAccessResultValueOf
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.regexp.RegexpCheckTest testIgnoreCaseFalse
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.AnnotationUtilityTest testContainsAnnotationFalse2
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.coding.OneStatementPerLineCheckTest oneStatementNonCompilableInputTest
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.design.VisibilityModifierCheckTest testGetRequiredTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.JavadocMethodCheckTest allowedAnnotationsTest
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.MainTest testExistingTargetFileWithViolations
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.JavadocMethodCheckTest testGenerics2
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.imports.CustomImportOrderCheckTest testStaticSamePackage
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.AnnotationUseStyleCheckTest testCommaAlwaysNoViolations
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.TokenUtilsTest testGetIntFromAccessibleField
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.api.LocalizedMessageTest testBundleReloadUrlNotNull
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.JavadocTagInfoTest testParam
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.TodoCommentCheckTest testGetRequiredTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.AbstractJavadocCheckTest testParsingErrors
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.NewlineAtEndOfFileCheckTest testNewlineCrlfAtEndOfFile
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.sizes.ExecutableStatementCountCheckTest testLeaveTokenWithWrongTokenType
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.JavadocMethodCheckTest testSkipCertainMethods
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.MainTest testListFilesDirectoryWithNull
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.design.VisibilityModifierCheckTest testIgnoreAnnotationNoPattern
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.TokenUtilsTest testIsCommentType
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.filters.SuppressionCommentFilterTest testToStringOfTagClass
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.whitespace.ParenPadCheckTest testNospaceWithComplexInput
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.imports.ImportOrderCheckTest testStaticOnDemandGroupsOrderBottom
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.JavadocParagraphCheckTest testGetRequiredTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.blocks.LeftCurlyCheckTest testNlow
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.coding.FinalLocalVariableCheckTest testNativeMethods
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.grammars.comments.CommentsTest testToString
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.metrics.ClassDataAbstractionCouplingCheckTest testWrongToken
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.MainTest testCreateListenerIllegalStateException
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.whitespace.WhitespaceAroundCheckTest testIgnoreEnhancedForColon
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.SuppressWarningsHolderTest testIsSuppressedWithAllArgument
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.api.FileContentsTest testDeprecatedCtor
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.TrailingCommentCheckTest testGetAcceptableTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.UpperEllCheckTest testAcceptableTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.JavadocMethodCheckTest test11684082
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.blocks.LeftCurlyCheckTest testCoverageIncrease
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.doclets.TokenTypesDocletTest testNotConstants
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.coding.FallThroughCheckTest testFallThroughNoElse
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.api.SeverityLevelCounterTest testAddExceptionWarning
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.PackageAnnotationCheckTest testWithoutAnnotation
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.api.AutomaticBeanTest testContextualizeConversionException
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.imports.CustomImportOrderCheckTest testUnsupportedRule
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.grammars.comments.AllSinglelineCommentsTest testAllBlockComments
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.JavadocUtilsTest testInlineTagMethodRef
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.UncommentedMainCheckTest testWrongArrayType
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.ConfigurationLoaderTest testLoadConfigurationDeprecated
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.metrics.ClassFanOutComplexityCheckTest testGetAcceptableTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.TreeWalkerTest testImproperFileExtension
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.design.InnerTypeLastCheckTest testGetRequiredTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.grammars.java8.DefaultMethodsTest testCanParse
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.whitespace.WhitespaceAfterCheckTest testGetRequiredTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.filters.FilterSetTest testEqualsAndHashCode
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.TokenUtilsTest testTokenIdIncorrect
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.imports.ImportControlCheckTest testTwoRegExp
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.SuppressWarningsCheckTest testCompactDefault
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.blocks.LeftCurlyCheckTest testLeftCurlyOptionValueOf
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.JavadocTagInfoTest testThrows
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.design.MutableExceptionCheckTest testClassExtendsGenericClass
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.JavadocTagContinuationIndentationCheckTest testCheck
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.naming.ClassTypeParameterNameCheckTest testMethodFooName
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.coding.IllegalTypeCheckTest testStaticImports
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.coding.IllegalInstantiationCheckTest testNoPackage
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.CommonUtilsTest testBadRegex2
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.AllChecksTest testRequiredTokensAreSubsetOfDefaultTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.regexp.RegexpCheckTest testRequiredNoDuplicatesFail
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.design.HideUtilityClassConstructorCheckTest testUtilClassPublicCtor
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.naming.LocalFinalVariableNameCheckTest testGetAcceptableTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.naming.ClassTypeParameterNameCheckTest testInterfaceFooName
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.coding.ParameterAssignmentCheckTest testTokensNotNull
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.header.RegexpHeaderCheckTest testRegexpHeaderURL
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.TranslationCheckTest testOnePropertyFileSet
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.SuppressWarningsHolderTest testCustomAnnotation
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.filters.SuppressionCommentFilterTest testAcceptNullLocalizedMessage
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.filters.IntMatchFilterTest testEqualsAndHashCode
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.ClassResolverTest testResolveInnerClass
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.imports.ImportControlLoaderTest testWrongFormatURI
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.design.OneTopLevelClassCheckTest testAcceptableTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.sizes.OuterTypeNumberCheckTest testGetAcceptableTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.coding.StringLiteralEqualityCheckTest testTokensNotNull
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.regexp.RegexpMultilineCheckTest testGoodLimit
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.grammars.java8.LambdaTest testWithOneArgWithoutParenthesesWithoutTypeOneLineBody
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.grammars.comments.CommentsTest testCompareExpectedTreeWithInput2
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.design.VisibilityModifierCheckTest testCustomAnnotationPatterns
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.SummaryJavadocCheckTest testNoPeriod
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.whitespace.SeparatorWrapCheckTest testGetDefaultTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.SuppressWarningsCheckTest testExpandedDefault
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.coding.EqualsAvoidNullCheckTest testEqualsWithoutEqualsIgnoreCase
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.MainTest testExistingTargetFilePlainOutputToFileWithoutRwPermissions
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.imports.ImportOrderCheckTest testStaticGroupsAlphabeticalOrderBottom
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.SuppressWarningsHolderTest testAnnotationInTry
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.regexp.RegexpSinglelineJavaCheckTest testGetRequiredTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.coding.ReturnCountCheckTest testImproperToken
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.metrics.JavaNCSSCheckTest testGetRequiredTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.CommonUtilsTest testInvokeConstructor
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.CommonUtilsTest testLengthExpandedTabs
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.api.LocalizedMessageTest testEqualsAndHashCode
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.whitespace.EmptyForInitializerPadCheckTest testGetRequiredTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.AnnotationUseStyleCheckTest testCommaNeverViolations
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.api.FullIdentTest testNonValidCoordinates
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.design.MutableExceptionCheckTest testFormat
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.TreeWalkerTest testForInvalidCheckImplementation
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.design.VisibilityModifierCheckTest testNullModifiers
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.JavadocPackageCheckTest testWithMultipleFiles
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.AbstractJavadocCheckTest testCheckReuseAfterParseErrorWithFollowingAntlrErrorInSingleFile
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.AnnotationUtilityTest testContainsAnnotationNull
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.ScopeUtilsTest testIsOuterMostTypeInterface
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.imports.CustomImportOrderCheckTest testSamePackageDepthNotInt
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.filters.SuppressElementTest testDecideByFileNameAndModuleMatchingMessageNull
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.filters.SuppressElementTest testDecideByFileNameAndModuleMatchingRegExpMatch
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.whitespace.WhitespaceAroundCheckTest testIt4
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.JavadocMethodCheckTest newTest
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.PackageNamesLoaderTest testPackagesWithIoException
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.coding.IllegalInstantiationCheckTest testImproperToken
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.SuppressWarningsHolderTest testIsSuppressed
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.whitespace.NoWhitespaceAfterCheckTest testArrayDeclarations
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.header.RegexpHeaderCheckTest testRegexpHeaderIgnore
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.imports.ImportControlCheckTest testGetAcceptableTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.TreeWalkerTest testCacheFile
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.MainTest testExistingTargetFilePlainOutputProperties
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.ScopeUtilsTest testIsLocalVariableDefCatch
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.indentation.IndentationCheckTest testZeroCaseLevel
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.grammars.javadoc.JavadocParseTreeTest serial
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.doclets.TokenTypesDocletTest testEmptyJavadoc
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.SingleLineJavadocCheckTest simpleTest
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.sizes.AnonInnerLengthCheckTest testGetRequiredTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.CommonUtilsTest testFileExtensions
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.coding.SimplifyBooleanReturnCheckTest testTokensNotNull
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.coding.IllegalTypeCheckTest testMemberModifiers
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.naming.AbstractClassNameCheckTest testGetAcceptableTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.UncommentedMainCheckTest testDeepDepth
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.CommitValidationTest testCommitMessageHasProperStructure
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.coding.UnnecessaryParenthesesCheckTest testTokensNotNull
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.coding.HiddenFieldCheckTest testIgnoreChainSetter
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.indentation.LineSetTest testToStringShowingFirstAndLastLine
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.AllChecksTest testAllCheckstyleModulesInCheckstyleConfig
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.PropertyCacheFileTest testCtor
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.SuppressWarningsCheckTest testValuePairAnnotation
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.imports.ImportOrderCheckTest testStaticOnDemandGroupsAlphabeticalOrderBottom
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.header.RegexpHeaderCheckTest testRegexpHeaderMulti6
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.design.FinalClassCheckTest testFinalClass
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.coding.NestedIfDepthCheckTest testCustomizedDepth
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.grammars.javadoc.JavadocParseTreeTest fewWhiteSpacesAsSeparator
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.SuppressWarningsCheckTest testExpandedAll
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.header.HeaderCheckTest testIoExceptionWhenLoadingHeader
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.coding.ArrayTrailingCommaCheckTest testTokensNotNull
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.grammars.javadoc.JavadocParseTreeTest allJavadocInlineTags
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.regexp.RegexpMultilineCheckTest testNoStackOverflowError
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.modifier.RedundantModifierCheckTest testEnumConstructorIsImplicitlyPrivate
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.TreeWalkerTest testProcessWithParserThrowable
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.imports.CustomImportOrderCheckTest testGetFullImportIdent
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.filters.SuppressElementTest testDecideByFileNameAndModuleMatchingFileNameNull
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.AnnotationUseStyleCheckTest testCommaAlwaysViolations
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.grammars.javadoc.JavadocParseTreeTest javadocTagDescriptionWithInlineTags
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.AbstractJavadocCheckTest testWithMultipleChecks
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.modifier.RedundantModifierCheckTest testIt
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.TreeWalkerTest testAcceptableTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.JavadocMethodCheckTest testGenerics3
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.SuppressWarningsHolderTest testAstWithoutChildren
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.naming.PackageNameCheckTest testGetRequiredTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.SuppressWarningsCheckTest testCompactNoUnWildcard
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.whitespace.WhitespaceAroundCheckTest testGetAcceptableTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.imports.CustomImportOrderCheckTest testMultiplePatternMatchesFirstPatternHasEarlierPosition
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.AbstractJavadocCheckTest testAntlrError
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.imports.AvoidStarImportCheckTest testGetRequiredTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.coding.EqualsAvoidNullCheckTest testEqualsWithDefault
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.filters.SuppressionFilterTest testAccept
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.coding.IllegalTypeCheckTest testSameFileNameGeneral
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.filters.CSVFilterTest testEqualsAndHashCode
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.AbstractTypeAwareCheckTest testClassAliasToString
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.api.LocalizedMessageTest testMessageInFrench
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.naming.LocalFinalVariableNameCheckTest testGetRequiredTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.regexp.RegexpCheckTest testIgnoreCommentsFalseCStyle
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.JavadocTagInfoTest testException
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.grammars.javadoc.JavadocParseTreeTest leadingAsterisks
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.JavadocUtilsTest testTags
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.MissingOverrideCheckTest testBadAnnotationOverride
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.regexp.RegexpCheckTest testIgnoreCommentsInlineEnd
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.coding.IllegalTypeCheckTest testSameFileNameFalsePositive
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.regexp.RegexpMultilineCheckTest testSetMessage
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.blocks.AvoidNestedBlocksCheckTest testGetRequiredTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.coding.PackageDeclarationCheckTest testTokensNotNull
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.AbstractJavadocCheckTest testNumberFormatException
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.imports.AvoidStarImportCheckTest testExcludes
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.AtclauseOrderCheckTest testGetAcceptableTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.design.VisibilityModifierCheckTest testGetAcceptableTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.naming.ClassTypeParameterNameCheckTest testMethodDefault
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.UncommentedMainCheckTest testIllegalStateException
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.JavadocUtilsTest testTagPositions
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.JavadocMethodCheckTest testLogLoadErrors
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.JavadocUtilsTest testGetTokenIdThatIsUnknown
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.coding.NestedIfDepthCheckTest testTokensNotNull
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.TreeWalkerTest testWithCacheWithNoViolation
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.MainTest testExistingDirectoryWithViolations
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.TreeWalkerTest testRequiredTokenIsEmptyIntArray
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.CheckerTest testFileExtensions
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.SuppressWarningsCheckTest testExpandedNoUncheckedUnusedAll
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.coding.FinalLocalVariableCheckTest testVariableNameShadowing
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.blocks.RightCurlyCheckTest testWithAnnotations
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.metrics.NPathComplexityCheckTest testGetRequiredTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.imports.AvoidStaticImportCheckTest testGetRequiredTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.modifier.ModifierOrderCheckTest testGetDefaultTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.imports.ImportControlLoaderTest testLoadThrowsException
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.api.DetailASTTest testInsertSiblingBetween
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.grammars.javadoc.JavadocParseTreeTest seeReferenceWithFewNestedClasses
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.JavadocTagInfoTest testReturn
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.ConfigurationLoaderTest testLoadConfigurationFromClassPath
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.design.OneTopLevelClassCheckTest testFileWithOneTopLevelInterface
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.PackageNamesLoaderTest testPackagesWithDots
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.indentation.IndentationCheckTest testThrowsIndentProperty
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.imports.ImportControlCheckTest testUrlIncorrectUrl
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.indentation.CommentsIndentationCheckTest testVisitToken
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.OuterTypeFilenameCheckTest testGetAcceptableTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.coding.NestedTryDepthCheckTest testCustomizedDepth
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.metrics.CyclomaticComplexityCheckTest testSwitchBlockAsSingleDecisionPointSetToFalse
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.regexp.RegexpCheckTest testRequiredNoDuplicatesPass
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.JavadocUtilsTest testTagType
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.TranslationCheckTest testBaseNameSeparatorTranslationsAreMissing
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.sizes.ParameterNumberCheckTest shouldIgnoreMethodsWithOverrideAnnotation
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.metrics.NPathComplexityCheckTest testGetAcceptableTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.OuterTypeFilenameCheckTest testFineDefault
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.TreeWalkerTest testProcessWithRecognitionException
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.ScopeUtilsTest testIsLocalVariableDefUnexpected
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.UncommentedMainCheckTest testWrongName
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.imports.ImportOrderCheckTest testGroupWithSlashes
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.JavadocUtilsTest testGetTokenNameForId
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.sizes.MethodCountCheckTest testGetRequiredTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.api.CheckTest testVisitToken
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.AnnotationUseStyleCheckTest testStyleExpanded
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.UncommentedMainCheckTest testTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.AbstractJavadocCheckTest testCheckReuseAfterParseErrorWithFollowingAntlrErrorInTwoFiles
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.api.CheckTest testGetAcceptable
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.coding.MagicNumberCheckTest testWaiverParentToken
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.imports.RedundantImportCheckTest testGetAcceptableTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.AnnotationUseStyleCheckTest testStyleCompactNoArray
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.naming.AbbreviationAsWordInNameCheckTest testTypeNamesForFourPermittedCapitalLetters
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.TreeWalkerTest testWithCheckNotHavingTreeWalkerAsParent
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.JavadocTagTest testToString
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.blocks.EmptyCatchBlockCheckTest testGetRequiredTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.ArrayTypeStyleCheckTest testGetAcceptableTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.whitespace.WhitespaceAroundCheckTest testGenericsTokensAreFlagged
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.design.MutableExceptionCheckTest testGetAcceptableTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.JavadocUtilsTest testInlineTagLinkText
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.TodoCommentCheckTest testGetAcceptableTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.api.LocalizedMessageTest testBundleReloadUrlNull
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.ScopeUtilsTest testIsProperUtilsClass
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.imports.CustomImportOrderCheckTest testGetRequiredTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.TokenUtilsTest testTokenValueIncorrect
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.whitespace.WhitespaceAroundCheckTest test1322879And1649038
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.sizes.LineLengthCheckTest shouldNotLogLongImportStatements
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.blocks.NeedBracesCheckTest testCycles
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.sizes.ExecutableStatementCountCheckTest testVisitTokenWithWrongTokenType
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.coding.IllegalCatchCheckTest testTokensNotNull
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.MissingOverrideCheckTest testGoodOverrideFromOtherJ5Compatible
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.api.ScopeTest testScopeValueOf
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.MissingOverrideCheckTest testBadAnnotationOverrideJ5Compatible
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.JavadocUtilsTest testIsProperUtilsClass
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.whitespace.WhitespaceAroundCheckTest testIt3
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.naming.AbbreviationAsWordInNameCheckTest testTypeNamesForZeroPermittedCapitalLetter
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.XDocsPagesTest testAllCheckSections
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.MainTest testExistingTargetFile
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.header.RegexpHeaderCheckTest testSetHeaderNull
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.blocks.RightCurlyCheckTest testSingleLineClass
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.design.VisibilityModifierCheckTest testIgnoreAnnotationSameName
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.imports.ImportOrderCheckTest testInvalidOption
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.whitespace.GenericWhitespaceCheckTest testGetRequiredTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.regexp.RegexpCheckTest testIgnoreCommentsInlineMiddle
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.coding.SimplifyBooleanExpressionCheckTest testTokensNotNull
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.imports.CustomImportOrderCheckTest testNoImports
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.api.FileTextTest testUnsupportedCharset
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.AllChecksTest testRequiredTokensAreSubsetOfAcceptableTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.ClassResolverTest testResolveQualifiedNameFails
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.naming.ClassTypeParameterNameCheckTest testInterfaceDefault
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.coding.NestedTryDepthCheckTest testTokensNotNull
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.coding.IllegalTypeCheckTest testImproperToken
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.coding.CovariantEqualsCheckTest testTokensNotNull
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.SummaryJavadocCheckTest testGetRequiredTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.AnnotationLocationCheckTest testCorrect
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.PackageObjectFactoryTest testMakeObjectFromList
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.JavadocNodeImplTest testGetColumnNumber
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.coding.AvoidInlineConditionalsCheckTest testTokensNotNull
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.AnnotationLocationCheckTest testIncorrect
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.regexp.RegexpCheckTest testSetDuplicatesTrue
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.imports.CustomImportOrderCheckTest testSamePackageDepthNegative
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.AllChecksTest testAllChecksAreReferencedInConfigFile
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.whitespace.EmptyLineSeparatorCheckTest testGetAcceptableTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.indentation.IndentationCheckTest testPackageDeclaration
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.MissingOverrideCheckTest testGoodAnnotationOverride
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.ClassResolverTest testExistedImportCantBeResolved
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.naming.ClassTypeParameterNameCheckTest testGetInterfaceRequiredTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.coding.DefaultComesLastCheckTest testTokensNotNull
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.blocks.NeedBracesCheckTest testConditions
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.SuppressWarningsCheckTest testExpandedNoUncheckedUnused
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.metrics.JavaNCSSCheckTest testDefaultConfiguration
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.naming.MemberNameCheckTest testGetRequiredTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.api.JavadocTokenTypesTest testIsProperUtilsClass
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.filters.SuppressElementTest testDecideByFileNameAndModuleMatchingRegExpNotMatch
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.imports.ImportOrderCheckTest testMultiplePatternMatches
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.blocks.LeftCurlyCheckTest testGetAcceptableTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.SuppressWarningsHolderTest testGetAllAnnotationValuesWrongArg
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.UniquePropertiesCheckTest testWrongKeyTypeInProperties
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.TokenUtilsTest testGetIntFromInaccessibleField
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.coding.ModifiedControlVariableCheckTest testEnhancedForLoopVariableTrue
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.AnnotationUseStyleCheckTest testGetAcceptableTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.doclets.TokenTypesDocletTest testOptionLength
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.imports.ImportOrderCheckTest testStaticGroupsOrder
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.coding.FinalLocalVariableCheckTest testEnhancedForLoopVariableTrue
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.AvoidEscapedUnicodeCharactersCheckTest testGetRequiredTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.blocks.RightCurlyCheckTest testRightCurlyOptionValueOf
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.naming.ClassTypeParameterNameCheckTest testGetMethodRequiredTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.api.AutomaticBeanTest testContextualizeInvocationTargetException
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.coding.MultipleStringLiteralsCheckTest testDefaultConfiguration
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.design.VisibilityModifierCheckTest testPublicImmutableFieldsNotAllowed
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.sizes.LineLengthCheckTest testGetAcceptableTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.CheckerTest testSetters
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.indentation.IndentationCheckTest testGetAcceptableTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.SingleLineJavadocCheckTest testAcceptableTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.MainTest testWrongArgument
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.filters.SuppressionsLoaderTest testNoCheckNoId
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.regexp.RegexpMultilineCheckTest testMinimum
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.sizes.MethodLengthCheckTest testCountEmpty
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.grammars.javadoc.JavadocParseTreeTest negativeNumberInAttribute
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.imports.CustomImportOrderCheckTest testGetAcceptableTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.ConfigurationLoaderTest testReplacePropertiesDefault
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.filters.SuppressionCommentFilterTest testInvalidCheckFormat
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.grammars.javadoc.JavadocParseTreeTest paramWithGeneric
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.PackageNamesLoaderTest testPackagesWithSaxException
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.design.DesignForExtensionCheckTest testGetRequiredTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.AbstractTypeAwareCheckTest testClassRegularClass
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.CheckerTest testNoModuleFactory
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.MainTest testExistingTargetFilePlainOutputToNonExistingFile
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.coding.PackageDeclarationCheckTest testOnFileWithCommentOnly
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.regexp.RegexpSinglelineCheckTest testMinimum
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.JavadocTagInfoTest testDeprecated
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.indentation.IndentationCheckTest testInvalidLabelWithWhileLoop
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.header.RegexpHeaderCheckTest testDefaultConfiguration
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.JavadocTypeCheckTest testLimitViolationsBySpecifyingTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.SuppressWarningsHolderTest testGetDefaultAlias
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.CommonUtilsTest testGetExistingConstructor
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.CheckerTest testSetupChildListener
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.grammars.java8.LambdaTest testWithOneArgWithoutTypeFullBody
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.grammars.java8.MethodReferencesTest testGenericInPostfixExpressionBeforeReference
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.sizes.ParameterNumberCheckTest testGetAcceptableTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.JavadocUtilsTest testEmptyJavadocComment
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.imports.ImportControlCheckTest testGetRequiredTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.ScopeUtilsTest testIsOuterMostTypeAnnotation
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.coding.NestedForDepthCheckTest testTokensNotNull
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.grammars.javadoc.JavadocParseTreeTest dollarInLink
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.coding.IllegalInstantiationCheckTest testWrongPackage
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.api.AbstractViolationReporterTest testCustomId
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.modifier.ModifierOrderCheckTest testGetRequiredTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.indentation.IndentationCheckTest testDifficultAnnotations
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.NewlineAtEndOfFileCheckTest testAnyNewlineAtEndOfFile
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.TokenUtilsTest testShortDescriptionIncorrect
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.imports.AvoidStarImportCheckTest testAllowStaticMemberImports
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.coding.ModifiedControlVariableCheckTest testEnhancedForLoopVariableFalse
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.JavadocTagContinuationIndentationCheckTest testFP
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.imports.AvoidStaticImportCheckTest testInnerClassMemberExcludesStar
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.imports.CustomImportOrderCheckTest testMultiplePatternMatchesFirstPatternHasLaterPosition
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.header.HeaderCheckTest testIgnore
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.naming.StaticVariableNameCheckTest testGetRequiredTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.modifier.RedundantModifierCheckTest testStaticMethodInInterface
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.JavadocNodeImplTest testToString
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.OuterTypeFilenameCheckTest testPackageAnnotation
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.api.LocalizedMessageTest testEnforceEnglishLanguageBySettingRootLocale
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.ConfigurationLoaderTest testConfigCheckerWithIgnore
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.SuppressWarningsCheckTest testExpandedNoUnchecked
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.coding.ReturnCountCheckTest testLambdasOnly
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.TreeWalkerTest testSettersForParameters
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.indentation.IndentationCheckTest testAndroidStyle
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.CheckUtilsTest testElseWithCurly
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.regexp.RegexpCheckTest testIgnoreCommentsNoSpaces
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.blocks.RightCurlyCheckTest testAloneOrSingleLine
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.header.RegexpHeaderCheckTest testSetHeader
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.JavadocTagInfoTest testJavadocTagInfoValueOf
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.filters.SuppressionsLoaderTest testNoCheckYesId
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.DescendantTokenCheckTest testWithSumLessThenMinCustomMsg
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.imports.ImportControlCheckTest testUrlBlank
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.filters.IntRangeFilterTest testEqualsAndHashCode
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.doclets.TokenTypesDocletTest testCorrect
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.JavadocTypeCheckTest testGetAcceptableTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.AnnotationUseStyleCheckTest testTrailingArrayCommaValueOf
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.FileSetCheckLifecycleTest testGetRequiredTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.metrics.NPathComplexityCheckTest testDefaultConfiguration
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.JavadocTagInfoTest testVersions
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.SuppressWarningsCheckTest testCompactNoUncheckedTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.AnnotationUseStyleCheckTest testEverythingMixed
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.naming.AbstractClassNameCheckTest testFalsePositive
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.PackageObjectFactoryTest testCtorException
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.AnnotationLocationCheckTest testGetAcceptableTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.imports.AvoidStaticImportCheckTest testStarExcludes
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.sizes.MethodCountCheckTest testWithPackageModifier
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.design.VisibilityModifierCheckTest testImmutableDefaultValueSameTypeName
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.header.RegexpHeaderCheckTest testSetHeaderEmpty
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.design.VisibilityModifierCheckTest testImmutableStarImportFalseNegative
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.AnnotationLocationCheckTest testWithoutAnnotations
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.SingleLineJavadocCheckTest testGetRequiredTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.imports.RedundantImportCheckTest testUnnamedPackage
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.SummaryJavadocCheckTest testPeriod
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.whitespace.WhitespaceAroundCheckTest testIt2
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.design.MutableExceptionCheckTest testWrongTokenType
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.blocks.NeedBracesCheckTest testSingleLineStatements
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.coding.VariableDeclarationUsageDistanceCheckTest testDefaultConfiguration
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.imports.CustomImportOrderCheckTest testSamePackageDepth2
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.JavadocMethodCheckTest test1379666
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.ConfigurationLoaderTest testConfigWithIgnore
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.SuppressWarningsCheckTest testSingleNoUncheckedUnused
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.AnnotationUtilityTest testIsProperUtilsClass
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.AnnotationUseStyleCheckTest testParensAlways
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.MainTest testIsProperUtilsClass
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.JavadocTagInfoTest testAuthor
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.WriteTagCheckTest testTagPrintSeverityTrue
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.ScopeUtilsTest testInEnumBlockInNew
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.filters.IntMatchFilterTest testToString
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.AnnotationUtilityTest testAnnotationNull
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.PackageAnnotationCheckTest testGetAcceptableTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.coding.MultipleStringLiteralsCheckTest testItIgnoreEmptyAndComspace
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.MainTest testNonExistingOutputFormat
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.naming.PackageNameCheckTest testGetAcceptableTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.header.RegexpHeaderCheckTest testRegexpHeaderMulti4
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.design.VisibilityModifierCheckTest testUserSpecifiedImmutableClassesList
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.SuppressWarningsHolderTest testOnComplexAnnotations
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.grammars.javadoc.JavadocParseTreeTest linkInlineTags
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.TranslationCheckTest testTranslationFilesAreMissing
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.design.MutableExceptionCheckTest testDefault
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.coding.IllegalTokenTextCheckTest testTokensNotNull
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.JavadocMethodCheckTest testGenerics1
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.XMLLoggerTest testAddIgnored
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.coding.IllegalTokenCheckTest testPreviouslyIllegalTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.indentation.IndentationCheckTest testLambda1
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.JavadocMethodCheckTest testDoAllowMissingJavadocTagsByDefault
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.AnnotationUseStyleCheckTest testGetOption
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.imports.ImportControlCheckTest testUrlUnableToLoad
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.regexp.RegexpCheckTest testOnFileStartingWithEmptyLine
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.imports.CustomImportOrderCheckTest testMultiplePatternMatchesSecondPatternIsLonger
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.filters.SuppressionsLoaderTest testInvalidFileFormat
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.coding.ReturnCountCheckTest testWithReturnOnlyAsTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.imports.AvoidStaticImportCheckTest testDefaultOperation
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.coding.InnerAssignmentCheckTest testLambdaExpression
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.JavadocStyleCheckTest testGetAcceptableTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.DefinitionsTest testIsProperUtilsClass
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.filters.SuppressWithNearbyCommentFilterTest testEqualsAndHashCodeOfTagClass
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.regexp.RegexpCheckTest testMessagePropertyGood
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.blocks.NeedBracesCheckTest testSingleLineCaseDefault
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.SuppressWarningsCheckTest testExpandedNoUnWildcard
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.DescendantTokenCheckTest testWithSumLessThenMinDefMsg
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.regexp.RegexpMultilineCheckTest testDefaultConfiguration
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.filters.FilterSetTest testToString2
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.imports.RedundantImportCheckTest testGetRequiredTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.header.RegexpHeaderCheckTest testSetHeaderSimple
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.grammars.javadoc.JavadocParseTreeTest htmlTagsInParagraph
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.grammars.javadoc.JavadocParseTreeTest authorWithMailto
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.SuppressWarningsCheckTest testCompactNoUncheckedUnused
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.api.LineColumnTest testCompareToFirstLarger
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.design.HideUtilityClassConstructorCheckTest testGetAcceptableTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.PackageAnnotationCheckTest testGoodPackageAnnotation
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.naming.MethodNameCheckTest testOverriddenMethods
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.naming.MethodNameCheckTest testGetAcceptableTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.coding.EqualsHashCodeCheckTest testTokensNotNull
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.AnnotationUseStyleCheckTest testClosingParensValueOf
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.whitespace.WhitespaceAroundCheckTest allowEmptyMethods
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.MainTest testNonExistingConfigFile
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.PropertyCacheFileTest testExceptionNoSuchAlgorithmException
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.AnnotationLocationCheckTest testGetRequiredTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.MainTest testExistingFilePlainOutputToFileWithoutReadAndRwPermissions
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.OuterTypeFilenameCheckTest testWrongDefault
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.AbstractTypeAwareCheckTest testWithSuppressLoadErrors
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.filters.SuppressElementTest testEqualsAndHashCode
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.AnnotationUtilityTest testAnnotationHolderNull
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.filters.SuppressionsLoaderTest testUnableToReadSuppressions
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.MissingOverrideCheckTest testGoodOverrideFromObjectJ5Compatible
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.regexp.RegexpCheckTest testRequiredFail
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.whitespace.GenericWhitespaceCheckTest testMethodReferences2
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.MainTest testExistingTargetFileWithError
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.DefaultLoggerTest testCtorWithTwoParameters
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.JavadocMethodCheckTest testAllowMissingJavadocTags
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.design.OneTopLevelClassCheckTest testFileWithNoPublicTopLevelClass
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.api.ScopeTest testMixedCaseSpacesWithDifferentLocales
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.blocks.LeftCurlyCheckTest testIgnoreEnumsOptionFalse
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.coding.IllegalTypeCheckTest testValidateAbstractClassNamesSetToTrue
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.MissingDeprecatedCheckTest testTwoInJavadocWithoutAnnotation
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.naming.ParameterNameCheckTest testGetRequiredTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.grammars.comments.AllBlockCommentsTest testAllBlockComments
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.modifier.RedundantModifierCheckTest testNestedStaticEnum
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.coding.IllegalThrowsCheckTest testTokensNotNull
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.design.HideUtilityClassConstructorCheckTest testProtectedCtor
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.AnnotationUseStyleCheckTest testStyleCompact
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.api.AutomaticBeanTest testSetupChildFromBaseClass
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.coding.EqualsAvoidNullCheckTest testTokensNotNull
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.coding.IllegalTypeCheckTest testStarImports
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.SuppressWarningsCheckTest testSingleDefault
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.indentation.IndentationCheckTest testAnnotationDefinition
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.imports.CustomImportOrderCheckTest testWithoutLineSeparator2
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.sizes.MethodLengthCheckTest testGetAcceptableTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.MainTest testLoadPropertiesIOException
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.coding.IllegalTokenTextCheckTest testCustomMessage
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.whitespace.EmptyForInitializerPadCheckTest testPadOptionValueOf
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.blocks.RightCurlyCheckTest testCatchWithoutFinally
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.whitespace.MethodParamPadCheckTest testGetAcceptableTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.TreeWalkerTest testCacheFileChangeInConfig
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.filters.SuppressElementTest testDecideByFileNameAndModuleMatchingCheckRegExpNotMatch
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.imports.CustomImportOrderCheckTest testSamePackageDepth3
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.ConfigurationLoaderTest testNonExistingPropertyName
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.design.OneTopLevelClassCheckTest testFileWithOneTopLevelEnum
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.design.VisibilityModifierCheckTest testDefaultAnnotationPatterns
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.JavadocTagInfoTest testTypeValues
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.TranslationCheckTest testDefaultTranslationFileIsMissing
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.indentation.IndentationCheckTest testSynchronizedStatement
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.JavadocVariableCheckTest testGetAcceptableTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.imports.IllegalImportCheckTest testGetAcceptableTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.coding.VariableDeclarationUsageDistanceCheckTest testTokensNotNull
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.imports.ImportOrderCheckTest testStaticOnDemandGroupsOrderAbove
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.JavadocMethodCheckTest extendAnnotationTest
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.design.ThrowsCountCheckTest testWrongTokenType
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.naming.AbbreviationAsWordInNameCheckTest testTypeNamesForThreePermittedCapitalLettersWithOverriddenMethod
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.AnnotationUseStyleCheckTest testAnnotationsWithoutDefaultValues
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.TreeWalkerTest testProperFileExtension
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.coding.HiddenFieldCheckTest testStaticVisibilityFromLambdas
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.ConfigurationLoaderTest testLoadConfigurationWrongURL
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.indentation.IndentationCheckTest testMethodCallLineWrap
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.whitespace.TypecastParenPadCheckTest testGetAcceptableTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.MissingOverrideCheckTest testGetAcceptableTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.filters.SuppressWithNearbyCommentFilterTest testAcceptNullLocalizedMessage
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.coding.DeclarationOrderCheckTest testTokensNotNull
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.imports.ImportOrderCheckTest testStaticGroupsOrderBottom
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.regexp.RegexpCheckTest testRequiredPass
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.coding.IllegalInstantiationCheckTest testTokensNotNull
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.CommonUtilsTest testBadRegex
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.CheckerTest testNoClassLoaderNoModuleFactory
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.coding.FinalLocalVariableCheckTest testFalsePositive
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.indentation.IndentationCheckTest testSynchronizedMethod
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.imports.CustomImportOrderCheckTest testStaticStandardThird
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.regexp.RegexpCheckTest testIgnoreCommentsMultipleCStyle
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.CommonUtilsTest testRelativeNormalizedPathWithNullBaseDirectory
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.SuppressWarningsHolderTest testSetAliasListEmpty
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.design.InterfaceIsTypeCheckTest testGetAcceptableTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.sizes.MethodLengthCheckTest testGetRequiredTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.coding.PackageDeclarationCheckTest testCorrectFile
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.JavadocTagInfoTest testSerialData
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.grammars.java8.LambdaTest testWithOneArgWithoutParenthesesWithoutTypeFullBody
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.naming.ConstantNameCheckTest testGetRequiredTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.imports.UnusedImportsCheckTest testGetRequiredTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.indentation.CommentsIndentationCheckTest testTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.whitespace.MethodParamPadCheckTest testGetRequiredTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.imports.CustomImportOrderCheckTest testWithoutThirdPartyPackage
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.api.FileTextTest testSupportedCharset
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.CommonUtilsTest testBaseClassNameForCanonicalName
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.JavadocUtilsTest testBranchContains
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.indentation.IndentationCheckTest testAnonymousClassInMethod
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.filters.SuppressElementTest testDecideByFileNameAndModuleMatchingCheckRegExpMatch
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.filters.SuppressWithNearbyCommentFilterTest testAcceptNullFileContents
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.api.FileContentsTest testCppCommentIntersect
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.grammars.javadoc.JavadocParseTreeTest textBeforeJavadocTags
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.SuppressWarningsHolderTest testAnnotationWithFullName
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.MainTest testExistingTargetFilePlainOutputNonexistingProperties
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.header.RegexpHeaderCheckTest testRegexpHeaderMulti2
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.NewlineAtEndOfFileCheckTest testNewlineLfAtEndOfFile
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.metrics.NPathComplexityCheckTest testDefaultHooks
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.sizes.ExecutableStatementCountCheckTest testDefaultConfiguration
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.imports.CustomImportOrderCheckTest testDefaultPackage2
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.imports.ImportOrderCheckTest testStaticGroupsAlphabeticalOrder
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.sizes.ParameterNumberCheckTest testGetRequiredTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.header.RegexpHeaderCheckTest testRegexpHeaderMulti5
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.naming.ClassTypeParameterNameCheckTest testGetClassRequiredTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.coding.SuperCloneCheckTest testTokensNotNull
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.TrailingCommentCheckTest testCallVisitToken
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.JavadocTagInfoTest testTypeValueOf
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.FinalParametersCheckTest testIgnorePrimitiveTypesParameters
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.ConfigurationLoaderTest testConfigWithIgnoreUsingInputSource
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.imports.AvoidStaticImportCheckTest testBogusMemberExcludes
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.naming.ClassTypeParameterNameCheckTest testClassDefault
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.grammars.comments.CommentsTest testCompareExpectedTreeWithInput1
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.CommitValidationTest testCommitMessageHasSingleLine
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.JavadocVariableCheckTest testDoNotIgnoreAnythingWhenIgnoreNamePatternIsEmpty
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.OuterTypeFilenameCheckTest testNestedClass
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.api.DetailASTTest testSetSiblingNull
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.design.ThrowsCountCheckTest testGetAcceptableTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.indentation.IndentationCheckTest testLambda2
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.coding.ReturnCountCheckTest testMethodsOnly
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.filters.SuppressionCommentFilterTest testInvalidMessageFormat
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.coding.IllegalThrowsCheckTest testIgnoreOverriddenMethods
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.imports.ImportOrderCheckTest testStaticOnDemandGroupsAlphabeticalOrder
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.PropertiesExpanderTest testCtorException
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.grammars.javadoc.JavadocParseTreeTest customJavadocTags
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.NewlineAtEndOfFileCheckTest testWrongFile
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.filters.SuppressWithNearbyCommentFilterTest testInvalidCheckFormat
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.imports.CustomImportOrderCheckTest testRulesWithOverlappingPatterns
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.DefaultConfigurationTest testRemoveChild
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.filters.SuppressionCommentFilterTest testAcceptNullFileContents
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.imports.UnusedImportsCheckTest testFileInUnnamedPackage
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.JavadocUtilsTest testInvalidTags
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.doclets.TokenTypesDocletTest testCheckOptions
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.header.RegexpHeaderCheckTest testInlineRegexpHeader
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.AvoidEscapedUnicodeCharactersCheckTest testAllowEscapesForControlCharacterSet
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.coding.IllegalTokenCheckTest testCheckWithDefaultSettings
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.coding.EqualsHashCodeCheckTest testBooleanMethods
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.design.FinalClassCheckTest testGetAcceptableTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.coding.IllegalTypeCheckTest testTokensNotNull
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.AnnotationUseStyleCheckTest testStyleNotInList
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.ScopeUtilsTest testInEnumBlockInAnnotation
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.JavadocTypeCheckTest testGetRequiredTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.imports.CustomImportOrderCheckTest testSamePackageDepthLongerThenActualPackage
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.JavadocMethodCheckTest test11684081
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.AnnotationUtilityTest testContainsAnnotationTrue
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.JavadocPackageCheckTest testMissingWithAllowLegacy
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.api.SeverityLevelCounterTest testAddException
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.sizes.OuterTypeNumberCheckTest testGetRequiredTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.indentation.IndentationCheckTest testInvalidImportIndent
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.filters.FilterSetTest testGetFilters2
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.PackageNamesLoaderTest testPackagesWithIoExceptionGetResources
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.JavadocTagTest testJavadocTagTypeValues
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.design.OneTopLevelClassCheckTest testFileWithThreeTopLevelEnum
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.MissingDeprecatedCheckTest testEmptyJavadocLine
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.CheckerTest testFinishLocalSetupFullyInitialized
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.regexp.RegexpCheckTest testIllegalFailAboveErrorLimit
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.metrics.CyclomaticComplexityCheckTest testSwitchBlockAsSingleDecisionPointSetToTrue
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.ScopeUtilsTest testInEnumBlockInInterface
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.modifier.RedundantModifierCheckTest testGetRequiredTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.regexp.RegexpCheckTest testIgnoreCommentsInlineStart
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.SuppressWarningsHolderTest testGetAnnotationTargetWrongArg
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.sizes.FileLengthCheckTest testNoAlarmByExtension
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.whitespace.EmptyLineSeparatorCheckTest testAllowMultipleImportSeparatedFromPackage
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.coding.IllegalThrowsCheckTest testNotIgnoreOverriddenMethods
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.grammars.javadoc.JavadocParseTreeTest unclosedAndClosedParagraphs
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.OuterTypeFilenameCheckTest testGetRequiredTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.blocks.EmptyBlockCheckTest testBlockOptionValueOf
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.grammars.javadoc.JavadocParseTreeTest htmlComments
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.coding.ReturnCountCheckTest testMethodsAndLambdas
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.CheckerTest testSetupChildExceptions
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.filters.SuppressionsLoaderTest testUnableToFindSuppressions
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.imports.CustomImportOrderCheckTest testDefaultConfiguration
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.imports.ImportControlCheckTest testOneRegExp
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.JavadocUtilsTest testEmptyBlockComment
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.AllChecksTest testDefaultTokensAreSubsetOfAcceptableTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.JavadocMethodCheckTest testNotSkipAnythingWhenSkipRegexDoesNotMatch
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.coding.ParameterAssignmentCheckTest testImproperToken
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.modifier.RedundantModifierCheckTest testFinalInInterface
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.SuppressWarningsHolderTest testSetAliasListWrong
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.SuppressWarningsCheckTest testExpandedNoUncheckedTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.TreeWalkerTest testRequiredTokenIsNotInDefaultTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.coding.DeclarationOrderCheckTest testImproperToken
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.NewlineAtEndOfFileCheckTest testWrongSeparatorLength
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.TranslationCheckTest testBaseNameSeparator
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.TokenUtilsTest testTokenValueIncorrect2
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.grammars.javadoc.JavadocParseTreeTest unclosedParagraphFollowedByJavadocTag
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.coding.FinalLocalVariableCheckTest testLambda
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.imports.ImportControlLoaderTest testExtraElementInConfig
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.regexp.RegexpCheckTest testIllegalPass
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.MainTest testCreateListenerWithLocationIllegalStateException
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.api.LineColumnTest testEqualsAndHashCode
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.MissingDeprecatedCheckTest testBadDeprecatedAnnotation
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.CommonUtilsTest testGetNonExistingConstructor
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.imports.CustomImportOrderCheckTest testSamePackageDepth4
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.imports.GuardTest testAccessResultValues
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.api.SeverityLevelTest testSeverityLevelValueOf
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.blocks.LeftCurlyCheckTest testFirstLine
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.grammars.java8.LambdaTest testWithOneArgWithoutTypeOneLineBody
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.TranslationCheckTest testLogIOExceptionFileNotFound
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.NonEmptyAtclauseDescriptionCheckTest testGetAcceptableTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.whitespace.EmptyForIteratorPadCheckTest testGetRequiredTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.design.HideUtilityClassConstructorCheckTest testGetRequiredTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.ScopeUtilsTest testInEnumOnRoot
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.AnnotationUseStyleCheckTest testParensNever
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.TrailingCommentCheckTest testGetRequiredTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.coding.FallThroughCheckTest testTokensNotNull
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.api.TokenTypesTest testIsProperUtilsClass
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.imports.CustomImportOrderCheckTest testThirdPartyAndSpecialImports
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.whitespace.WhitespaceAroundCheckTest testGetRequiredTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.header.HeaderCheckTest testIoExceptionWhenLoadingHeaderFile
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.CommonUtilsTest testRelativeNormalizedPath
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.design.OneTopLevelClassCheckTest testPackageInfoWithNoTypesDeclared
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.AnnotationUseStyleCheckTest testElementStyleValueOf
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.indentation.IndentationCheckTest testSwitchCustom
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.api.AutomaticBeanTest testConfigureNoSuchAttribute
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.MainTest testExistingIncorrectConfigFile
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.naming.MethodNameCheckTest testGetRequiredTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.JavadocTagContinuationIndentationCheckTest testCheckWithOffset3
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.MissingDeprecatedCheckTest testGoodDeprecated
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.AbstractTypeAwareCheckTest testIsSubclassWithNulls
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.UniquePropertiesCheckTest testLineSeparatorOptionValueOf
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.AnnotationUtilityTest testAnnotationEmpty
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.MissingOverrideCheckTest testBadOverrideFromOtherJ5Compatible
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.sizes.OuterTypeNumberCheckTest testWithInnerClass
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.AnnotationUseStyleCheckTest testCommaNeverNoViolations
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.naming.AbstractClassNameCheckTest testGetRequiredTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.header.RegexpHeaderCheckTest testRegexpHeaderSmallHeader
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.header.RegexpHeaderCheckTest testEmptyMultiline
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.ConfigurationLoaderTest testIncorrectTag
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.imports.ImportOrderCheckTest testGroupWithDot
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.PropertyCacheFileTest testInCache
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.MissingDeprecatedCheckTest testSpecialCaseDeprecated
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.PackageAnnotationCheckTest testAnnotationNotInPackageInfo
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.header.RegexpHeaderCheckTest testRegexpHeaderMulti3
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.imports.AvoidStaticImportCheckTest testGetAcceptableTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.filters.SuppressElementTest testDecideByFileNameAndModuleMatchingModuleNotEqual
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.naming.AbbreviationAsWordInNameCheckTest testTypeNamesForThreePermittedCapitalLetters
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.header.RegexpHeaderCheckTest testRegexpHeaderMulti52
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.modifier.RedundantModifierCheckTest testNotPublicClassConstructorHasNotPublicModifier
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.whitespace.GenericWhitespaceCheckTest testInnerClass
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.blocks.EmptyCatchBlockCheckTest testDefault
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.AbstractTypeAwareCheckTest testTokenToString
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.header.RegexpHeaderCheckTest testRegexpHeader
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.coding.DeclarationOrderCheckTest testParents
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.design.VisibilityModifierCheckTest testImmutableStarImportNoWarn
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.coding.ModifiedControlVariableCheckTest testImproperToken
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.naming.StaticVariableNameCheckTest testGetAcceptableTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.SuppressWarningsCheckTest testSingleNoUnWildcard
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.naming.ConstantNameCheckTest testGetAcceptableTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.JavadocTagTest testJavadocTagTypeValueOf
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.FileSetCheckLifecycleTest testProcessCallsFinishBeforeCallingDestroy
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.whitespace.EmptyForInitializerPadCheckTest testGetAcceptableTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.regexp.RegexpCheckTest testIllegalFailBelowErrorLimit
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.AtclauseOrderCheckTest testGetRequiredTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.metrics.BooleanExpressionComplexityCheckTest testWrongToken
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.CommonUtilsTest testInvalidPattern
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.whitespace.EmptyLineSeparatorCheckTest testFormerArrayIndexOutOfBounds
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.SuppressWarningsCheckTest testSingleAll
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.api.AutomaticBeanTest testConfigureNoSuchAttribute2
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.whitespace.WhitespaceAroundCheckTest testSwitchWhitespaceAround
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.blocks.RightCurlyCheckTest testSameOmitOneLiners
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.design.VisibilityModifierCheckTest testAllowPublicFinalFieldsInImmutableClass
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.filters.SuppressionsLoaderTest testLoadFromClasspath
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.SummaryJavadocCheckTest testDefaultConfiguration
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.JavadocTagContinuationIndentationCheckTest testGetRequiredTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.naming.ClassTypeParameterNameCheckTest testClassFooName
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.coding.IllegalTypeCheckTest testValidateAbstractClassNamesSetToFalse
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.MainTest testNonExistingTargetFile
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.coding.MagicNumberCheckTest testIgnoreFieldDeclaration
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.sizes.FileLengthCheckTest testExtensions
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.blocks.EmptyCatchBlockCheckTest testGetAcceptableTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.whitespace.EmptyLineSeparatorCheckTest testAllowMultipleFieldInClass
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.annotation.AnnotationLocationCheckTest testWithMultipleAnnotations
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.CommonUtilsTest testCloseWithException
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.regexp.RegexpMultilineCheckTest testEmptyFormat
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.api.LocalizedMessageTest testGetModuleId
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.TreeWalkerTest testOnEmptyFile
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.header.RegexpHeaderCheckTest testFailureForMultilineRegexp
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.utils.ScopeUtilsTest testInEnumBlockWithEnum
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.design.HideUtilityClassConstructorCheckTest testUtilClassPrivateCtor
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.javadoc.NonEmptyAtclauseDescriptionCheckTest testGetRequiredTokens
com.puppycrawl.tools.checkstyle.checks.metrics.JavaNCSSCheckTest testGetAcceptableTokens
9855 0 0
